model: roberta-large-nli-stsb-mean-tokens
Topic ID: 9 Episode ID: 1nu9RsgfYsbNb7CDmHlvKx Segment Number: 59 Extracted Segment:  I don't like those guys. Those guys are my boys, but I cannot believe we have this Darth Vader guy in the fucking white house. When I say Darth Vader, I'm not saying I'm against him or I'm for him. But you have to admit we got a guy that's living in the 80s being the president in this fucking thing. You know what I mean? He's talking to the Ukrainian president. I don't know if you guys know that do you know what happened? I heard that show them what happened stand up and tell him what happened. I'm gonna go touch with Jen tell him what happened you pretend you're the random rancid polisher. Sure. Okay. So tell me what have just talked about it. My understanding is in a conversation with the Ukrainian president. He made comments. He's alleged to a make comments. Like we want to investigate this thing about Biden's son and etcetera like that. Yeah, Joe Biden son right there trying to get dirt on them. Right? And so basically Donald Trump, that was great bill. You did really good. Well, thank you. Great now just stand here, basically. Donald Trump is talking to the Ukrainian president. Basically saying give me dirt on Joe Biden's son. What did Joe Biden do porn? Like? What did he use the black dildos? What the fuck's going on that damn, right? I don't want to see that. So he's trying to get dirt on Joe Biden because in Donald Trump sighs Joe Biden is the only one that he thinks kid what the beat him can beat him. Yeah, you know that the angle is he's not trying to get dirt on Elizabeth Warren, right? He thinks Bernie Sanders is fucking gone. He just thinks
Topic ID: 9 Episode ID: 6yYLn0MroCiOYrUCYpgx1K Segment Number: 231 Extracted Segment:  Oh five seven is the most fearsome member of the council by reputation as she is said to be the de facto leader of the o5s. She commonly goes by the code name green due to constantly wearing green pants suits which seems rather harmless for someone considered by most to be the devil that sits on the overseer Council. Agent you recounts a story of a meeting between a Russian intelligence director and a high-ranking member of the GOC. The GOC wish to go into Syria to act against the foundation and hoped to secure Russia's support in the Endeavor.
Topic ID: 9 Episode ID: 3oX5yYOjd5qoCPWC5pTy9W Segment Number: 118 Extracted Segment:  I'm literally starting to doubt my sense of reality. Your call has been forwarded to an automated voice messaging at the tone. Please record your message when you've finished recording you may hang up or how many men are getting. I'm calling from the not podcast on their co-host story that involves Sean Russia's very very important story that we think you can provide extremely valuable input on reach of the at 9:01 year old my email address hoping to hear back from you very soon, but we'll keep trying by call and by email. Thank you. I just wonder like you know, usually when people in the Limelight don't want to talk doesn't that sometimes me they might have something to hide.
Topic ID: 9 Episode ID: 5DVdcHBM0jauUSxsmmwBre Segment Number: 1 Extracted Segment: You're listening to jebra bites the Jo Left podcast. I'm your host luxury data my guest in this episode is Ryan stoa author of craft Weed family farming and the future of the marijuana industry. Ryan is an associate professor of law at Concordia University School of Law in Idaho where he teaches property law administrative law environmental law and natural resources law. He's also authored numerous scholarly articles that are dress energy regulation agriculture policy natural resources management. Aunt and International Development so is writing has appeared in the Wall Street Journal the new Republic Salon Daily Beast and the conversation and is research has been featured in the Rolling Stone magazine wired Gizmodo among others Ryan was the speaker at Jill of Colorado which happened just a couple weeks ago. I got to know Skype call with Ryan after the festival to talk about his book his background and the future of the marijuana industry. Here is my conversation with Ryan stoa. What Drew you to studying law and then eventually teaching it? What was is that something you wanted to do as it gets a kid? You knew already or
Topic ID: 9 Episode ID: 2VVBXyGRGd2cydXPxHJme6 Segment Number: 7 Extracted Segment:  A lot of his tweets are completely fascists. Remember the the whole kafei tweet where he tweeted a word that said Kofi. I like 2:00 in the morning unbelievable. Basically all of his tweets are trenchant. He's very bold once everyone to listen every once in a while though. He'll have a rather euphonious comment. I assume those pleasing tweets are in by his professional speech writers right now is impeachment trial is Underway, some say is conversation with Ukrainian president clearly frames it but others say it that is apocryphal. We'll just have to see what happens. That's all for GRE vocab. We wish you guys the best of luck if you're taking the test this week.
Topic ID: 10 Episode ID: 1tBwWZksIEKXKakbizSLWe Segment Number: 23 Extracted Segment:  Do save to a ton of discretionary consumer spending maybe on like masks and gloves and food and stuff. But but probably not for like a new car or something along those lines right in the whole scheme of things. Right? Even if it's just a few percentage points that it that it cuts the demand for those products. That's again. The last thing the Chinese are the global or the US economy needs in this point in time. So it's obviously bearish until this resolves, but I'm not Vince at this point that it is contained or that it will resolve. And in fact, I think there's there's a lot of reason to be skeptical and to you know, say that this is maybe actually worse and then what governments are saying it is I mean imagine that right but moving on the other thing I did want to talk about was bowing now Boeing has been in the news for like a long time now, I don't know exactly how far back this this 737 Max situation goes back to but of course the To sum it up for those of you that have been living under a rock for the last year or whatever. Basically the 737 Max is a new pretty efficient model of the 737 that Boeing put out marketing is basically I mean just that efficient, right the 737 is kind of like quickly about Spotify which generally is known as a music platform, but also now hosts podcasts including yours truly in fact on Spotify you can listen
Topic ID: 10 Episode ID: 1NpwJujZ5BCPi6VXNDhTy6 Segment Number: 11 Extracted Segment:  You fly left to right when you tap your finger on the screen you fly down from the sky into little valleys and and rock it up and fast, it's all timed and you have to get to well as far as you can go before the sun goes down Dave. I got to ask. How does how did you find this tiny? Like unknown? I don't think anyone's ever heard of this game. Tiny Wings. It's not like it's been on the top sales charts for about three years now. No, sir. No, I just discovered it yesterday is your through Word of Mouth Russ is your complaint that day was playing a popular game is that your is that you're here? I'm just making sure people realize that this is a game that's been out for quite some time. Yes, but Tiny Wings to has it whats new? Hey, you know any Wings to it's not Tiny Wings to don't miss you know, your Wally call you tiny wings to so what's new in Tiny Wings to flight school. What's flights? What sounds weird it is your Bird again, but this time you race against three of your siblings maybe to a goal at the end and it has a bunch of it's basically just a bunch of little races using the ultimate are interrelated. That is racist. Yeah. Yeah the birds I do think the birds are does. I think they are your brothers and sisters though, aren't they? I believe so is the goal to try to beat them because I'm having a hard time doing that. Yeah, that's what
Topic ID: 10 Episode ID: 3A3dW5PIfSnQZFHXGYGF7r Segment Number: 52 Extracted Segment:  They were just known as like the book bit the business who cares about people and it's the great experience. Everyone now is like digging I could just imagine they get into a boardroom. The higher-ups are like, okay. Listen, if we charge for this we can charge more for that and it's like, oh cool. Okay. So if we make the seats a little bit smaller, we could fit three more people and it just like it's really fucked up. The experience is shittier and shittier and shittier and I don't know just something I'm dealing with. That's why I think it's why you hear a lot of comedians make a lot of jokes about airports and airplanes because just it's a huge piece of your life now and I guess that's it. What else is going on? It's no not November Leon. Did you hear that Lianna?
Topic ID: 10 Episode ID: 1WNUVDnbkExBXV48Qii3uf Segment Number: 32 Extracted Segment:  You SLA it just doesn't jive right more likely Iran or some, you know, s-300 operator or something. Like that was was getting antsy and I saw this huge radar signature and they Panic Toreador. They figured or they were given orders to shoot it down because it could potentially be US forces. So they shot the missile and took it down. Now, of course, this is all conjecture. We don't know because Iran has basically refused to turn over the Black Box the Boeing because of all this going on some experts have said that yeah, it was shot down. We may never know but it's certainly a storyline to follow. Yeah. I don't know. I mean that could certainly add a a wouldn't look good for a Ron if they shot down one of those airliners within their own borders, especially given the history with the With the Iranian airliner that was shot down back in the late 80s or early 90s by a u.s. Naval vessel. It was civilian and again kind of similar situation. If this one was ultimately shot down. It was a we thought it was military and of course it wasn't and and that was u.s. Story around of course said no this was you did this on purpose. This is Terrorism essentially and it's going to they said, you know this and we said that and whatever.
Topic ID: 10 Episode ID: 1tBwWZksIEKXKakbizSLWe Segment Number: 27 Extracted Segment:  But the king of these kind of short to medium length routes, right? Not not usually cross the ocean or cross a major continents. We're talking like Europe or Australia or something, but it is, you know, heavily heavily use I'm sure many people travel frequently have traveled on a 737 at some point if they're doing relatively medium to short distances anyways, two of them crashed and and lo and behold after a ton of digging through the evidence. Since it's become more and more apparent that hey, this is a these were not flukes. This was not just a coincidence that two of them crashed in a relatively short time period but rather there were some major design flaws that Boeing very well may have been knowledgeable of that. They knew that this was a crappy airplane and that scared a lot of people and and you know at this point, it's the 737 Max is grounded. It's not fine. In fact And so far as to that Boeing is shutting down production of the 737 Max, you know in this is, you know, economically speaking a huge company here in the United States and and the you know, if this continues I mean it's going to legitimately cut into economic growth. We're talking to a few basis points or whatever few tens of basis points a camera of his Kudlow or something else that was recently talking about that and it's obviously not going to be better. I mean Boeing tries to put a
Topic ID: 11 Episode ID: 1SDDlFhV1Z2VSe9hpd4RPT Segment Number: 47 Extracted Segment:  Really lived through the Depression era and all that stuff. So this meal was Heaven on Earth to them and I get the thankfulness and living through really lean and scary times that the meal and the food is representative of not having a lot of choice and not having a lot of culture in that situation get it but I mean talk about the Bland as version of just different colors of brown lumpy creamy Foods next to a dry bird and the only seasoning is Salt and Pepper Baby. I hate Thanksgiving at my My home, I'll get it. Like that's kind of was always my problem with Thanksgiving too is like just not enough spice. I like a lot of Spicy Sweet. Let's quickly talk about the strangest Thanksgiving Traditions, whether or not you have an uncle who's rubbing your shoulders without your consent. But okay, let's talk about what is the presidential? Pardon of a turkey every year? What is this? I don't why they're still eating turkey. I know they Worse, it's like one gets its like deserves some sort of like retirement Clover all these turkeys at have been pardoned over the years or do they just end up not getting getting killed that year because something happens to these birds. Something's got to go on like do they go out and live out their natural life like on a tropical island. I mean a lot of they're all young turkeys. That's like what everybody gets their baby turkeys soon as it happened every year or their years were there just are War written and they're like fuck that's barred. No, I mean, I don't know. What do we know did you know?
Topic ID: 11 Episode ID: 3WJ9yNsZ1y4IY46bkuUsvA Segment Number: 4 Extracted Segment:  What's going on guys? How's it going? How's it going? Welcome back. I hope you have a I hope you had a great Thanksgiving. I know we did. Yeah, we ate a lot of food a lot of food. How was your Thanksgiving? It was good man. It was it was, you know, I ate a lot of food. I probably had like five servings of her key. I'm not lying. I'm not even exaggerating. I had a pretty good Thanksgiving to you. You know, I really don't like tricky though that much no, it's pretty dry for me but our We had a Thanksgiving lunch. They fried it. Now. I said the whole that's the best way to eat turkey fried turkey. Do I know this and it was so juicy so delicious that I don't care if it's not healthy, but it stays juicy. It's not probably have cholesterol now, I love it. Do you like stuffing? Yeah. Well, we'll see how work there. The only thing that might work was a fight turkey them eat this potato salad. That's okay and some beans but the thing is that person that made it was my boss and he's from Louisiana. So he made it like Cajun style. So the turkey was a little bit spicy and I mean everything was spicy. It was a nice real good. Yeah, Louisiana's cajun fried turkey and then my mom makes stuffing when we did the Thanksgiving my sisters. It was pretty good too, and I did some stuff in but
Topic ID: 11 Episode ID: 7bLgTYDrRkeGxZEpTCoZYV Segment Number: 22 Extracted Segment:  Rolls and salad, look dark meat not it went to Walmart the juiciest turkey I've ever had. So when people be talking about all these times that they've had dry turkey, and I'm like, let's cook her ass so bad for you. Yeah. I feel bad. I can't relate. I don't know what you But but fried turkeys the best broker, you know, how know you white have white who just asked me if I've ever had pumpkin pie. You know what I mean? Yeah, as far as far as I told myself seem to pick up more but it just lets me know. I'm eating good. Livengood because I'm still here but I think hey I'm working out at least enough because I ain't I ain't dead yet. Wow, I think I did today. It's really on you. You know, if you want you want to make a change don't wait until January 1 to do it, you know doing what you want and be consistent and when you're doing it, you don't go I Ain't Goin I ain't gonna hate on the people right now. That is for sure because also I do realize that it's something funny people do even if they know they know.
Topic ID: 11 Episode ID: 6oLRGJ580Vwk3eteA5Fupa Segment Number: 137 Extracted Segment:  Then I mean there's me my sister my niece who none of us can have dairy or a bunch of other things. So well, that'll be interesting. I'll make my own apple crisp me and combine will eat it. Okay, I mean the good up it up a little bit of vanilla ice cream on top. I made a really good apple crisps, but I took over two roses I can make that I was good and I can eat that you can add ice cream on if you want and I won't that make smell like ooh, baby got sunshine baby go. Moonlight I'm having a good times and gotta get em. Okay. So for Thanksgiving we do a turkey. And we do the green bean casserole stuffing the green bean casserole has to have those French onions on top though. I've seen it done different ways and it's not good the French the kind of green bean casserole. I grew up on it has like cream of mushroom in it and the French onions on it. That's so good. There you go cranberry sauce, which we never really had but I made it last year and it was bombed. I think I've ever had even a taste of good because I made it last year and I guarantee you I made you taste it was bomb.
Topic ID: 11 Episode ID: 79c6V6ASeQQkxMvo0dxXea Segment Number: 12 Extracted Segment:  Picked knocks because I was as I do I always pull out the calendar that I have the official Nintendo calendar that has like all of the Villager faces and everything and she saw Knox and she was like that is the cutest little chicken. So I think she also really like that. It's got like kind of a Don Quixote feel to him. So right yeah where he's, you know, kind of a night trying to be a knight in shining armor. But yeah, he's really cute. He quickly became one of Jackie's favorite villagers. So fun fact right there. And then the last one is Antonio with his really cool like kind of black and white color scheme and I really wanted Antonio in it because we I try to get a new type of villager in all of these pieces as much as possible and I don't think we'd had an anteater before we definitely never had a turkey because that's the only turkey the game is but yeah, I really like just blending all of the animals and seeing how they come out and really like the colors of all of them worked so well and they all look really good in this piece. So what do you think of it Sergio? Oh, it's really really good. Like like I said, there's a lot going on. There's a lot of detail but in you know in a way it still feels like Animal Crossing like you feels more HD, which is what we're getting with New Horizons, I think in my engine. Yeah. Yeah, and it's kind of
Topic ID: 12 Episode ID: 20l7RcHtcVbJAEVeV3Cn3N Segment Number: 95 Extracted Segment:  By by looking at the first principles. So in this case, it was race at the end of two hours climb a lot and ride a lot, you know simple as that, there were no special intervals or there were no, you know, there was no structure food. I ate there was no way I slept on the bed upside down or anything like that. It's just it's just it's just the basics, you know, and it's what that's what the Asana guys do. Also. It's just that they have a couple more they have a couple dozen watts of FTP more than then I do. So let's talk about the other races Amin Khan Johnny who was in the under-23 category was also he was also someone you coached. Can you tell us about his race? Yeah. So Amin was it was good to see a man as make it as part of the selection because yeah, it's a this is kind of the first under-23 Rider from India who actually had a shot. Of having a having a good outing at the agent Champs, but things didn't go all according to plan for almond. I think he perhaps you know, perhaps under achieved on what he could have potentially but his first outing so the way I look at it is it's I think the lessons that he has learned from the the one day for the two days of racing that he had and this experience will definitely help him in the future. Of course. This is last year is an under-23. So now using the
Topic ID: 12 Episode ID: 5fSLaE9BLkWtDt4zgjEudx Segment Number: 13 Extracted Segment:  Yeah, it's interesting. We spoke about this in the 96 episode where memories from those childhood World Cups are way more Vivid than the later ones and in a way, it's true. I remember the matches but the experiences around it not as much though sticking with the Canada theme it I only got the highlights of the Davison Innings after getting back home. I think from school and but then I saw a little bit of his bowling. Going and I don't know I really like this action. And yeah, I one of the commentators made a comment about you know, his quick arm action and stuff like that. And that's one of the first time they'd heard about like spin bowling, you know the need for the quick comment stuff like that. So that's great fascinator. I thought I really liked his action. And so I used to play cricket with to my best friends like brothers. And so yeah when I meet In their sort of driveway front yard, whatever you want to call it and for a couple of days as trying to boil off spin with that action. Not that I you know bold any better than I usually do all back. We have to get this we have to get this fat boy thing to Davidson, but it's like you were playing Cricket trying to be divisive. That's awesome briefly and so before before
Topic ID: 12 Episode ID: 7k4zzSLm0MyMQfBudNDGlt Segment Number: 27 Extracted Segment:  Sure, first for me, I was born and raised in for a figure and urban both my parent my dad's I forgive my mom's English by for them with big tennis players both played at Wimbledon. So I've pretty much learn to walk on a tennis court, but my first first memories are Cricket probably came, you know, when I was five or six just before we left Africa sitting on the couch with my dad watching. So I forget play and a test match and Jacques kallis is betting and he said look if you if you want to play cricket at all is model. You game on this side. He's the best all-rounder in the world. And that was you know, how am I I'm 26 nearly 20 years ago and I was fortunate enough to make my funded debut alongside in which was coming for me was very surreal and very cool. But that's my earliest memory of cricket and I That Supply alongside my childhood hero is really cool. We then moved as a family over to Australia. It's a Sydney in 2001 my younger brother and I were pretty much playing cricket and Tennis as much as we could and in terms of a pathway I was never in the what do you call it the academy or New South Wales Pathways if you like growing up in the third and 14 all the way through.
Topic ID: 12 Episode ID: 1BHhvHTUOkkOAruVAxvlwu Segment Number: 1 Extracted Segment: In this our seventh episode of the night Watchman cricketing podcast. We reflect on a truly tumultuous at last few weeks for Cricket South Africa. Normally, we only interested in what goes on or primarily interested in what goes on on the field, but what's gone down.This last few weeks Biggs further examination. What should become obvious? Oh should have become obvious during the course of these first few fledging the episodes is that you know, Ken is the professional here. He is the Cricut writer. I play the role of the Fanboy somebody who's absolutely passionate about the cricket cricket team of South Africa and the Proteus and have been for all the years. I've been in South Africa since 1994 what has happened during the course of these last few weeks is absolutely alarming and given the fact that Ken Has a starring role in terms of what went down in some of the poor decision-making crickets that Africa chose to follow you're going to hear about that in depth. And this is the first opportunity that Ken has gone on record to give his side and version of events. He's going to tell you exactly how the communication did or didn't happen between cricket South Africa and what some of the impact and implications of that became for Cricket South Africa, you'll describe a spectacular own goal in some of the decisions that were made and that has led to a chain reaction.
Topic ID: 12 Episode ID: 3ytHEQvEC5mjVWgycVGrsm Segment Number: 22 Extracted Segment:  He thinks the way he feels quite openly he was at that time about to get married or had just about got married the his first marriage and then more interestingly on his Terrace here, you know, because he'd become in India player around that time and even sudden leap is a guy who pursues his passions. Yeah, so it got a small Aeroplane a real Arrow plate but dysfunctional of not functional and put it on his Terrace what honest error is not a simulator not a model plane. No in actual defunct plate. Funk plane, okay, and that served as his bar in the evening. So so sorry what a guy so that was quite a character because I met his parents also then his father was also big and tall and strapping like Sunday. He was known as the big hitter in you know, shivaji Park circles. So very good man to talk to you alone, you know and talked a lot more sense about Cricket then yes and leap of course later on played for India and coach and manager and select. To everything is done. So but that was my first interview. Wow, this this Aeroplane bastard is just amazing. And now I think he still has it people get so excited right now when they get on planes now, you know virgin Emirates and stuff. They have bars on Deck now, they don't know that Sunday partly pioneered this he almost 40 years ago. He absolutely did and you know, we talk of the fancy lifestyle is of modern-day cricketers who own money in crores. Yeah. I don't think Sunday particle at that point in time must have earned and even you know,
Topic ID: 13 Episode ID: 3d6WRPYpmUH6C8DvQrJeB0 Segment Number: 33 Extracted Segment:  You know joy happiness contentment. Peace, and just I hope they're able to pursue life and passionate way and learn and grow and heal and enjoy the rest of their life and I wish them well, and that's all you can do. And so I'm focused. Myself now and through this project change through pain. I'm focused on helping others heal through relationship challenges traumas recovery from alcohol drugs and anything in between I've dealt with Most of it or I have close ties to other things that may have happened that I've had to deal with and so I'm just offering up.
Topic ID: 13 Episode ID: 3q9c0q5sc5WqbBgAdOVZqH Segment Number: 3 Extracted Segment:  As midnight crab closer Phil thought that a joint might help him calm his concerns. He wasn't much of a drinker but smoking usually helped mellow him out. He knew Brenda didn't like him getting high but tonight was a special occasion as he was on his way outside to light up Phil notice Brynn talking to his colleague actor Andy Dick like Bryn Andy had struggled with addiction. So Phil assumed perhaps they swapping stories about their recovery But a few minutes later Phil heard raised voices and someone banging on a door puzzled. He made his way back inside. He followed the noise towards a master bedroom there. He found one of friends friends beating on the door to the en suite and yelling begging Brenda come out Phil asked the friend. What all the commotion was about exasperated. She turned to him and said, it's Bryn she and
Topic ID: 13 Episode ID: 4d6XCNG113PuSTg5XnfV6C Segment Number: 40 Extracted Segment:  Your brain and practicing small bouts of fasting so that you can kind of get used to it and changing your diet slightly. And if you do that for about six to eight weeks you sort of get a nice good conditioning to the fasting process and it'll work a lot better. And then yeah book some time out sitting Wilderness by yourself and journal away, you know, and I think you might be very surprised at the outcome and surprised at how good you feel when you come back so self care guys. I would love to hear your feedback if there's things that you do or as well that is self care that I haven't mentioned. I'd love to hear from you. So let me know. Yeah, I hope that was enjoyable. Please hit me up on Instagram. I would love to know what your thoughts are what you do to regenerate yourself what's worked for you? What hasn't worked and maybe we can share some of those on our Instagram and share some of those on our Facebook. So anybody listening can try a few of those things are you know, hey guys. Have a great week. I hope you're happy. I hope you're killing it. And if you're not find someone that you can talk to about it. Don't be afraid of your emotions express yourself. It will be the best thing that you ever do and you will be so much more happier for have a great week and we'll chat to you soon.
Topic ID: 13 Episode ID: 5j9tDbfxtHEFLvy4LbqAnG Segment Number: 0 Extracted Segment:  Um that it is worth it and definitely do it. Thank you and I'll pass.The eating disorder is Anonymous speaker feed does not represent Eda as a whole but rather shares the views experiences and resources used by the Eda member who's speaking in their individual Journey towards recovery. Thanks for being here. We're glad to have you hi. My name is Honor and I have an eating disorder and I am going to share a little bit of my experience with step for this evening. So the purpose of step for according to the Ed a big book is to uncover the thoughts and emotions that have fueled our insanity. And one of the my experience has been that step for was the beginning of of change and that the first three steps were sort of marshalling the frame of mind and the resources that I needed to change but step for was the actual first action step that started things to change.
Topic ID: 13 Episode ID: 4ri9tSWMzp8O9opzDuiVcv Segment Number: 111 Extracted Segment:  But then we also have speakers that are you know speaking for the very first time speak people who wouldn't even probably wouldn't even identifies a speaker but they're coming out of rehab or their sorry. They're currently in recovery. Yeah individuals were solve suffering from substance abuse. Yeah. So I really like that mixture of the different speakers of different levels coming together. And you know, I it was one of the events that I spoke at there's a gentleman that spoke. I don't remember his name and for confidentiality reasons because he prayed doesn't he want to be mentioned so Right, I wouldn't mention his name either but you know, he had shared his story of, you know, drug abuse and being homeless and how he came out of that. Okay, and it was his first time sharing it but this this this guy just he did such a phenomenal job and I like the fact that you're using, you know the arts for people to come out of there. Yeah Darkness so where I was going with this was how did you come up with the idea of bringing experience speakers and speakers will people who have any combo about speaking yet? And how did you go about bringing that together and these people also who are speaking for the first time. Have you had these since decided to continue speaking? Well, the intention first was for non professional speakers to get together, but just naturally it drew in people that have experience because I want another platform to speak on which fair enough, you know, we don't turn them away and the guys we created the platform for the public to be aware of what flip the script is about. Right? Because we have a bigger mission and vision.
Topic ID: 14 Episode ID: 5cAL4avbpwvLbjPYEpHccB Segment Number: 66 Extracted Segment:  Years because right now yeah, not so much. I don't really have that doesn't like occupy part of my my being at all. Yeah. So your you don't really think that there's anything no after this. You're like, you're the last stop and I support well. I mean, I don't know. I'm not one to say I you know people spend their lives like preparing for like their afterlife and I'm like, okay. Well that seems like a waste of time because nobody actually knows that that exists. So just live this life the best you can and be a nice person. Be the person that's all that matters and then who is to say like maybe there is something I don't know. I'm not the authority on that. You know, I mean, I don't think anybody is so it's like I don't want it. I look forward to seeing what happens because I don't but as far as I know, I I've never experienced any, you know hints of some sort of afterlife ever. So tell her and I was really hoping to get a ghost on my first podcast but fine. I'm sorry. Yeah. Yeah. I have a list of questions here has a body ever done any crazy rigor mortis on you.
Topic ID: 14 Episode ID: 2XcIt89N5W1aXN130kUYNi Segment Number: 6 Extracted Segment:  Good chemistry. That's right. There's a real connection here. You can call us Marie Curie. She had chemistry a physicist. I don't know. So yeah to the people the people that have asked me this and to people who've maybe thought this and not ask me this, you know, there's a lot of I mean, I was actually not a lot of keeping podcasts out there, but there are cubing podcasts that do guess. Yeah, that is not our podcast. But for now, you never know you never know. You know, we want to do an advice podcast one day. So who knows what will happen by the way, you guys are bad at sending advice. Questions advice questions. Yes. Yes, we don't need advice. Yeah, I forgot. We definitely do not need your advice do not send us your advice. We will we will want your advice questions, right but
Topic ID: 14 Episode ID: 3UVkA5qKYXDgXTJ0y0BTuR Segment Number: 22 Extracted Segment:  Stories and 2019 when there are pedophiles it's murdered and I mean what it's like in the news people go stories. It's like a more white bread version of you know Murder podcast. I got one of your books murders, but I wanna hear about the people who have been murdered or something potentially being around since a waste of time. You've already children's book and like I was reading the descriptions of the episodes haven't actually listened but like it was like in this episode. So so goes to this place to investigate like stories of like, you know, Fucking weird shit happened and I'm like, oh so like this dude believes that he can go check out and see if there are ghosts. At least I'm assuming otherwise I would it would actually be pretty interesting if he just didn't believe in ghosts at all. Yeah be more interesting be there's something really redeeming and we don't realize that it's actually not one hives. We're not going out there leading with it's a ghost story podcast. I'm not going to check it out, but someone if anyone has ever listen, please don't go and listen, but if you want has ever listened and there is a redeeming quality to it. Do let me know but I just assumed it's like if you're listening to that's what you're doing while you're doing the dishes is you're listening to a ghost story. You may see people watching The Bachelorette, you know, I mean, what are we doing with our time people and then the other one is called the rabble or which is like a progressive Texas a rabble rabble. Well the Rambler. Yeah, it's probably the rest. I don't know is it? Yeah, definitely the Rattler. Yeah. Look at the look that one up. It's a Texas politics or I don't know if it's all about. I think it's just, Texas.
Topic ID: 14 Episode ID: 4snFgZm09b6QmF5xfoeiuk Segment Number: 75 Extracted Segment:  What the fuck internet fuck, you know, nothing. You can find us on Spotify radio public breaker and Google podcast soon will be on Soundcloud and apple podcast as well. Subscribe to crap. Wow, crap a can yeah, crap subscribe to crack. But yeah check us out weekly the random entertain. News podcast the most random the most random Entertainment News podcast Internet only with face fucking face is right about that, but that's not the point no face fucking on the podcast says you catch us next week. Thanks for watching. Peace.
Topic ID: 14 Episode ID: 2B48aifWbO5UE1UmErmost Segment Number: 30 Extracted Segment:  The Lost cases an exploration of lesser-known missing persons. It had 13 episodes being uploaded sporadically every week or two. I tried listening to a few creepy podcast before but they've never quite caught my interest. True Crime was all either rehashes at the same half-dozen stories that sold to their audiences. Yes, a woman disappeared on a Disney cruise ship. I get it or some amateur with god-awful audio.
Topic ID: 15 Episode ID: 2QnV3RGPjwF62aFsPyqzM2 Segment Number: 127 Extracted Segment:  Well listeners until next time I'm your host Chief Swiftwater signing off. Have you ever thought about starting your own podcast when I was trying to get this podcast off the ground? I had a lot of questions and one of those questions was how do I get this show into all the apps that people like to listen to podcasts with? Look, no further. Anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting and distributing your own podcast. Best of all, it's 100% free and ridiculously easy to use.
Topic ID: 15 Episode ID: 3Dp7K8Xus9kO9vNuKbo387 Segment Number: 58 Extracted Segment:  Wow, some of these people see all all right. We got a decent amount on Instagram. Do you think you'll ever take the podcast on the road? Yeah. No, that'd be really cool idea that be something I'd be interested in. But the only problem I was thinking about is that if I set up a studio or a recording studio for my podcast? Pardon me if I set up like a studio or a media room to fill my podcast and I don't know how I transfer that everywhere I go so.
Topic ID: 15 Episode ID: 08DDXG4H338X174G1OFBKv Segment Number: 21 Extracted Segment:  Before she putting things in place before you you start treatment or you decide whether you CBD is for you. So like I said, this is my favorite part my first podcast I'm hopefully sure how much to say about the intention of this podcast at the website. But you're more than welcome to send me a voicemail or a voice recording through through service contact me and discuss briefly. What will your needs may be also? Read through the my website as there is quite a lot of information to expect and where to get reliable information. So thank you for listening. I hope you enjoy the podcast from now onwards and how I hope this hasn't been the worst podcast you hear it ever. So yeah dropping line at the contract listen to me, whatever you want.
Topic ID: 15 Episode ID: 4qDbcrGpVXm3Cre4Ia19eC Segment Number: 2 Extracted Segment: Perfect stories in hopes that we Empower you to chase your dreams as we Chase ours a lot of us think we need to know it all from the beginning. We don't but we can't begin to know anything. We don't start. How's it going? This is the first episode of the start start start podcast. I am your host Brady Silverwood before we get started today. I just wanted to say there are so many podcasts out there in the fact that you're listening to my podcast right now means a whole lot to me. So, you know, the purpose of this thing is I hope you can listen to it and gain courage to really just go for it in your life and hopefully follow your dreams and whatever it is that you want to do in your life. So for the first podcast today when I was thinking of who I should have on as a guest I thought of why not I don't have in one of the most inspiring people in my life come on and and talk with me. So for today's episode. I'm actually interviewing my dad Jim Silverwood. He is a CEO and president of affirmed housing group out here in San Diego, California. His company has financed over 1.4 million dollars in the Housing Industry. Thanks to him. He's supported over 53.
Topic ID: 15 Episode ID: 4nxzKyuKq7lB2NTH4O2fmF Segment Number: 5 Extracted Segment:  I think what's cool about that is I look back at this maybe and 20 episodes from now twenty five episodes, maybe 50 maybe a hundred. I look back and see the improvements that were made each episode and kind of chuckle at that first episode. So the other thing it's not going to have because it's just a work in progress is a cool intro and whole lot of interludes in the Middle with music and cool brakes and obviously don't have any advertisers yet so that I could be in commercials at this point in time. So those things will be added later on if there's anybody that's good at editing and designing audio things of that nature and I'd be happy to listen to you to tell me what I can do for a cool intro. I listen to a lot of podcasts a lot of radio shows and I'm always impressed at those things. I hear at the beginning and it's never really put much thought into it till I started my own idea here moving forward and trying to figure out exactly how I would do that. So, That's something I'm still working on and like I said if anybody has any ideas about that, I'm all ears. So like I said three things that I just want to put out the beginning the show is going to be all about authenticity. So sweet one take work with me as I work through my nerves and spoke speaking into dead air. And then three that this is a work in progress and we're going to get better every week. So hopefully you like what you hear today and trust that I'll build upon it and we'll keep getting better as we go so
Topic ID: 16 Episode ID: 2e6RAg54Pphczs8MuYCsYQ Segment Number: 91 Extracted Segment:  the act of recommendation was very powerful. This is why I love gourd man. He just throws out like what report it was and what the numbers were and it's just there. He's not even looking it up. Like that's why we that's why we don't Google anymore. I'm going good. Memory. Www dot Gordon.com all your hairdressing information there God. I mean I have to look up that site is probably a Japanese porn site or something. It is now I'm not looking up that site. No it's okay. So we've talked a little bit about what's been happening. Where do you see? I mean, I guess Amazon's a little bit what could be happening but let's get into, you know, tell us tell us what 2019 where you kind of see the trends and the stuff for 2019. Where do you say we're heading as an industry? I mean, yeah, I think the good in the bad news is you know, is it again I've been doing this for 40 years and I've been talking a lot about the salon of the future would people of recent. You know, that question comes up. It comes up for brands that comes up from some of you know, our famous friends, you know, instafamous and not instafamous, right? And then in this people I meet you know, like what what what are you saying? What are you hearing about? You know the future of salons and he's like, you know
Topic ID: 16 Episode ID: 5ZQyvA84ZXbx5qXc7jZlul Segment Number: 62 Extracted Segment:  Thank you, Josh. I like that. Josh is our producer. He's holding it down with me tonight. So thank you Josh. So, you know, we recently had those fires in are not in Australia and there's a CNN article that gave me some more details about it because you know with so much going on in the world. I was like, okay, what's really going on? Here we go. Again. We have our own fires here in California that we often reference. But this is what happened in Australia. So I It's a note like what exactly caused the fires and said if you guys don't know this, you know, they said, you know heat drought and climate change each year. There's a fire season during the Australian summer with hot dry weather making it easy for blazes to start and spread. So natural causes are to blame most of the time like lightning strikes and and drought-affected Forest, but dry lightning was responsible for starting a number of fires and Victoria's east gippsland region in late December which then traveled more than Than Twelve point four miles in just five hours according to the state agency Victoria emergency. They say humans can also be to blame. They're saying that 24 people have been charged with deliberately starting the bush fires and they've taken legal action against 183 people for fire-related R offenses since November according to a police statement. So, you know, it's a little bit of Nature and a little bit of our own folks causing the fires and if you wanted to
Topic ID: 16 Episode ID: 6rbClMXXjgVjtfA16vj2YV Segment Number: 210 Extracted Segment:  Finally, they arrived passing by in new unmarked trucks. They're hauling steel girders and electrical wiring and the men discuss what these mysterious people are constructing over in North access. They know that North axis is a ghost town. But there's some disagreement about what happened to it. The official story was that it flooded but some suspect it was a fire one of the men had seen it though because he was anomalous himself unbeknownst to the others and felt a pull to check out north axis. At the edge of the town he felt the warmth and saw into the bubble around the town. He saw the town boiling away and sinking into desolation.
Topic ID: 16 Episode ID: 7d2NQEezd67SCvTT2SyqYO Segment Number: 32 Extracted Segment:  Ooh content. I will gladly do it with shrill. Also Arf Arf I should say the French President Emmanuel macron macaron macron back on the rainforest top. Yeah. Sorry, he and I said and I quote said our house is on fire literally. Yes, I want to say about that. No, not really. It means literally their house is on fire. The Amazon Rain Forest is on fire. I've nothing else to say for that. What do you think? What do you think that they're like didn't know one sort of like voice in now or like actually doing something about the fact that like, there's so many there's so much media influence on people's lives. Like I mean like the amount of influence like say eat itself, like Instagram has on an individual who's wanting to say Corridor, you know put pictures of or do something with Instagram itself, like it has so much influence on people and the amount of like large-scale like celebrities that are on Instagram as well as share all these things that sort of like, you know spill out and then people who follow them sort of take it in and they make their own statements about it itself like it's the the Instagram influencers on
Topic ID: 16 Episode ID: 28gUG2KiPFEwhCyIBNs1Fi Segment Number: 2 Extracted Segment: Obviously one of the biggest people that had got to was dr. Lupo he participated in it, you know, and it was just a chain of a bunch of people saying like oh sick. I can't believe that Fortnight would do something like this and then you would click on whatever tweet that person had tweeted from and then he would just go on down the chain down down down until you finally got to the original one and it was just a hey look we're let's let's started a chain tweet where people You know tweet out something random and people will try to think something's going on in Fortnight when there's actually nothing going on and you just get you'll find a gnome at the end of that. So I thought that was pretty funny the other thing going on. I've seen a lot of talk about lately more and more on Twitter, but especially yesterday and today I've seen a whole lot of talk about it and I'm just curious of the opinion of you guys out there. Do you want to see a ranked? Matt in Fortnight. Do you want to see ranked play? Do you want to see a separate public Blobby and separate ranked lobbies? I myself. I like that. It's all mixed. There's enough players to go around, you know, you get a good mix of you know new players and you don't really good players in single lobby. But you know, I know there's pros and cons besides, you know newer players. They all might want to be in public matches.
Topic ID: 17 Episode ID: 4pfZD1c9yT3Y6adpSdF4vP Segment Number: 46 Extracted Segment:  Welcome back. So one of the things that we do at our Clinic is that we ensure that we provide plenty of professional development as well as personal development for our team. That's very important because the things that you want for your clients you show on for yourself and your team we found one conference that we attend yearly and we bring our team with us. It's a conference that combines both professional and personal. Development in a very unique way. In fact, it's put on by the software company that we use for our scheduling. It's a great software and it's a great conference. It also gives us an opportunity to get away from the office for about a week and recharge our batteries do a little bit of traveling and really reflect in a easy and relaxed way coming back from the conference. Then we take about a month month and a half and we have weekly meetings where we dive deep into each of the breakout session. In fact, when we head out to the conference, we divide and conquer so that we can attend as many of the breakout sessions as possible. And then this way we can all share the information. Here's Jessica's take on it. That's a good question looking back again, we're talking about
Topic ID: 17 Episode ID: 515YJl4DL7FTv9d6PxARUi Segment Number: 83 Extracted Segment:  I want you to visualize your happy place. This is whatever place makes you feel relaxed. And this is a place you'll go to right now for a brief mental vacation from your worries and your responsibilities. imagine that happy place
Topic ID: 17 Episode ID: 2EbFXpCC9tjwRMwNoQkDO9 Segment Number: 34 Extracted Segment:  Addictive for one day of the week. It's not going to feel good. It doesn't contrary to what we think and what we believe it doesn't feel good to not be productive. But you do need to kind of rein it back and be like, okay, like I've done so much it's time to decompress Daniels has totally relate first vacation a year and feels so good to decompress. Yeah. Yeah and everybody's got their own limits. Everybody's got their own threshold. So I'm not going to tell you like you have to have five days of work in two days of rest or whatever because I don't Structure at like that for myself. I just go go go go go and then I can start to feel when I need a break and then I take a break and taking a break oftentimes is one of the most productive things that you actually can do and it seems counterintuitive. But if it's truly taking a break and not giving yourself a cop out by saying laziness feels good for a minute, then it is going to be productive and it is going to give you that fuel to keep moving forward in your goals and Your progress so don't get so hyper focused thinking that you have to declutter your face off for three months straight without taking a break. Okay, just tap into yourself pay attention to it and know that you do need work and you do need play. So give yourself that. Okay number four kind of talked about this at the beginning, but you're never going to be done. Okay, and I'm not telling you that to discourage you like I said earlier you will have you know, as you are.
Topic ID: 17 Episode ID: 3E8bVjz7uWo9CgqFTNWenJ Segment Number: 305 Extracted Segment:  It's not convenient to me. This is great to you. So glad we're taking a sabbatical so we have time to think about this stuff. My brain is constantly running.
Topic ID: 17 Episode ID: 7yNe05KM7Okd7NZUxSspDW Segment Number: 14 Extracted Segment:  And even know was possible for you. I'd love journaling for inspiration and I make it a daily ritual that I never allow myself to skip before you go finding inspiration doesn't have to be hard. In fact it is when we make it hard that it never shows up in our lives try one of these easy tips and get inspired instantly. The inspiration tips. I've shared may feel obvious to you. But sometimes I feel we make life and finding inspiration more complicated than it is when we make things complicated inspiration. Never The visit sometimes we just need to pause have some fun hanging out with inspiring people and journal for a bit to get inspired. You just listen to The Post titled how to get inspired for easy hacks to try by Mia of she dreams allday.com.
Topic ID: 18 Episode ID: 0U5esz5OdHF8rPhPq3eMAr Segment Number: 26 Extracted Segment:  A company to have a have a recruiter from your point of view who got who's very who still a student? Yeah, so he gets to really understand, you know, oh I was in your place you and I understand what you're feeling and even if you mess up with talking or even if there's any awkward silence, I got that because I've been through that. Yeah, absolutely and that's not a deciding factor. Oh, you know, we can't hire him because he was fidgeting with his fingers. During an interview. Yeah, but sadly, that's the I do have some tips for computer science people and put them my story my company when we were came. So when I asked my manager, hey, do you just want me to take People based on my criteria or do you have some advice? So she's like I try to look for people who have taken the time out and do the project on their own because that shows like they're actually motivated. Right? So for computer science people, I don't know if they'll Clash of other as well, but do the projects on your own. Go to hackathons. Everyone has to do their own. Yeah, that's true. And yes, try to have a good GPA. Don't be just like do they I mean, I know the GPA is something but it's not a deciding factor. It's not like it's not like the end of the world I would say but having a good GP obviously shows that you care about. Yeah, so don't fuck people who don't have a good GPA. Okay. It's not the end of the world, but people who have it. Please try to maintain it.
Topic ID: 18 Episode ID: 7wG8Vx3iU0USazS4ybkBn3 Segment Number: 44 Extracted Segment:  And she's like what superpower and I was like I told you it's in development. Like I have to have the time to you know, let my mind convince me that this isn't pain like I can't be surprised. I'm not at that level yet, you know and so it's you know, this is gonna sound this is probably sounding ridiculous to most of you right but The power of the mind is what I've unlocked and I haven't been able to stop thinking about this, you know, like I'll be in the car like with how to issue a like Dad were you thinking about I'm like no nothing nothing and she doesn't know that I'm I'm busy developing their superpower. So, you know, so I started reading up on it like not the superpower thing but like the science aspect of it and you know your mind Is is an incredible thing your mind dictates your body and your body's health and your what your body feels and if if I can do that if I can convince my body to not feel pain as pain. What else can my mind do to my body or to my heart, you know and
Topic ID: 18 Episode ID: 61zAFlhiCgvnGjV1tdGl6S Segment Number: 13 Extracted Segment:  He's worth a few Bob up then if you did a bit of a dive on her you could see ya gentle pressure. I mean, if one hypothetically did a dive, okay, so you dived and you find yeah, like I can't accompany her company. She's a director her husband and her daughter on dividends of I think couple of million after you know in profit after I think 28:28. He's pretty good. But you know, I have a jolly creep ass. Thank you creepy. Okay, it's a traitor thread that I really enjoyed. Maybe you've read it already. But let's go. Let's talk about peeing in space Oh, I have not read this. Okay. So this is from Mary Robinette kowal. And so she wrote A New York Times essay and several people. So she wrote A New York Times essay about women and space travel and several people have said that women couldn't go into space because we lacked the technology for them to pee in space. Hold on what so we lacked the tip of the date that the technology is lacking to facilitate female pissing that's ridiculous. Obviously for however long. Yeah. This was just people's response to her essay and rage. He is explaining why this is irrelevant. So she says,
Topic ID: 18 Episode ID: 515F4SoQqHRzYOS8GG0w2A Segment Number: 70 Extracted Segment:  You can try you might get burned out, but I would highly suggest choosing one or two areas and focusing on that. So for example second year I was like, I really want to start off like with a bang with my classroom management because I went did a whole year of like really trial and error and I knew exactly how I wanted my classroom management to be ran so your to Bing classroom management and my kids were amazing and I really saw the effects of like starting off strong. This past year. I really wanted to focus on social studies and science because to me, I'm sorry not social studies and science. Oh, yeah. No social citizen science math is so easy for me. I am such a math minded person and I'm really creative. So elas fine when it comes to writing and that kind of stuff. So I wanted to kind of work on my areas that I thought were a little bit weaker. I feel like I always run out of time to teach social studies and science. So I really wanted to make it a privilege last year. And so that Is the piece that I really wanted to work on this year. I'm really going to stick to time management and what I say by that is like I just said last time I want a specific schedule where I am not kind of pushing off things and I know that's really hard to do but I want like, you know, I want science to be Monday Wednesday Thursday or whatever the days that I choose rather than pushing off like oh man. Well, we really need to finish the Socialist project. No sticking to my time and getting
Topic ID: 18 Episode ID: 1TpYYJ12J0Gs4ZFG1P38f1 Segment Number: 90 Extracted Segment:  I was isolated. They were my cousins and it's like oh all Spanish like main lead cast and I was like the present. Yes, but Clifford Max Max said rude then forever is called. Oh, maybe it's just the episode was just all the Spanish kids probably was I just learned about the animation on Nick Nick, right? Yeah. They actually had a like a gay to gay parents in that one as well. Do you know that's like that was rescued. But what about now don't listen. Okay. I'm listening. What's the idea of going to make we're going to make a show about like science, but the science kids helping my from early age because you know us has struggled because we're science kids do right. No should know shut up by images. So now change it by changing your major. South City, right? Yeah, and it's just gonna be like about cells and like inside of the body. Mmm. And we're just gonna do all that stuff. It's gonna be madly. Are we voicing it over? No nigga. So we sells like crazy just it was right was a brief rundown so cities already a story bro. You need a new name. No, nigger. That store has been out of he been gone so it's gonna be so see. All right. So like it's like when we talk about white blood cells and like the immune system. There's a protectors right? So those
Topic ID: 19 Episode ID: 3qHrSGBe0sxpL2H90BJLPR Segment Number: 11 Extracted Segment:  Interdisciplinary field and how we can apply machine learning is in the method not only you can apply it by medical area. But you can also slide for retail government or even social goods anything basically that has a Fields where you can collect data we can have you have a capacity to I'll cite data fine. That's probably General all the reasons why I was drawn to this field. That's fantastic. So you did electrical engineering as a bachelor's and as a masters and then you And started so your working career before going back to college for some time. How has your career been today? What are the things that you've been doing doing that this time? So currently I just started my own consulting company was called to say I so I get a lot of people ask me. Why did you name it to say out so but they are light for license. And so we are a data science and a lot of company and are niches and Healthcare and medical organization. So we want to help organizations to make a better life changing decisions through Machine learning artificial intelligence and if you probably knew that the healthcare space its laggy little bit compared to other areas. So I wanted to offer our expertise I can have them both. I have you know my past 10 years. I had several group roles and Industry as well as Academia. So I kind of understand the strengths and weaknesses from both sides and I kind of time in between that kind of matches and it's complement both field units offer people the type of help that they want.
Topic ID: 19 Episode ID: 2EoYf1NvLqmBaXW51SgRca Segment Number: 53 Extracted Segment:  The posters to come back with this with this information. So we get solid structured data running over time. You could imagine that when you share one case and we can say also using AI that from our reference library this the cases of the most similar ones but these are also the differences and this put in other cases they have this verify diagnosis and that's a very good starting point than four. the discussion and then we can inject the human expertise to to resolve another one would you also be is this may be something that you have in mind to do is to organize some kind of a forum where users can exchange information about AI tools is this also one of the contact concepts of collective Minds, it could potentially be like like A benchmark service or or something like that? Yeah, but it's also a little bit tricky commercially. I mean since we have both Partners from the industry and clients that we want health care hospitals. We want to help we need to be you need to be a little bit careful. So I mean for that to work we need to really be seen as control Etc which which can be hard.
Topic ID: 19 Episode ID: 3qHrSGBe0sxpL2H90BJLPR Segment Number: 35 Extracted Segment:  Large amounts of data, but they don't have the technical skills the process that so I just thought I needed that space and I wanted to be part of it and it's been my passion ever since then just dig in my old. I've been just the more I read about it the more questions I've become about it and he has just recently I went to in the video conference and even the video this started a whole Healthcare, which was really fascinating. They started a Clairol platform. So it's going to be specialized for hospital so they can offer. In deep learning platform for hospital. So that's something that I want to be part of as well that resolution kind of bring health care and Hospital bring them up to speed for AI and positions and bring them up to speed great. And why did you say that having kids made you more interested to work in healthcare? I think there's a lot of things I did. You become a more compassionate human being if you probably know when you don't have kids you probably thinking only about yourself and then when your side did you go through the whole process? Process and let's change it to you as a person and then you don't think about yourself you think about Swiss can be good for your kids and they go through certain challenges or diseases. You want to be part of helping any kids are going through any diseases or anything. So, I mean, I didn't have a specific reason but it's just being a mom kind of made me more compassionate that area I can totally understand for me. I think it was early days still with my daughter and six months now and the adjustment has been
Topic ID: 19 Episode ID: 2EoYf1NvLqmBaXW51SgRca Segment Number: 59 Extracted Segment:  We try to build it now and it may be that's two questions but the platform or the service built-in quality metric will be if you ask me for advice I give you advice. Do you accept my advice? I score that that's quality. That's that's quality. I mean you're happy with with the advice you got from the yes, I see. I see quality. Yeah. Then then then to have a to create a good service and also initially we are actually injecting expertise through expert boards on the making sure everything is kind of moderate moderated and that in the quality aspect. Yeah, right, how can you platform play a role in the adoption of artificial intelligence should facilitate adoption. How do you see that? We think it can play a really strong role and also that I mean to create confidence in new technology, you need to learn from people that that have confidence they coming from the industry. I know how hard it is to be the actual creator of the technology and then also convince people then there is another huge gap, which is even more difficult is that
Topic ID: 19 Episode ID: 6S1dp88FpnkrTzKOiZZo2Y Segment Number: 46 Extracted Segment:  And with embodied astrology at the new and the full moon for special offerings at all. Give to honor these energies and create some kind of ceremony or ritual around them finally on the last day of cancer season, which is July 21st Venus opposes Pluto Venus in cancer Pluto in Capricorn and the Sun and Mercury form a conjunction at the very last degree of cancer. These aspects are really powerful symbols for you in many of the ways that I've already been talking. About how you're expanding your mind how you're broadening your perspective how you are defining your path for yourself and what this means for your work in the world for what you are aspiring to for your Ambitions the Sun and Mercury coming together at the very last degree of cancer. Is this bridge between your purpose and path the way that you're asking questions about why you're here what your function? Is what you can offer what the meaning of something is and then what you do with it how you embody it this Mercury Sun Mercury conjunction sets off a new Mercury cycle that lasts until November 11th. This is a conceptual cycle where you're thinking about these themes and you're seeking to apply new ways of relating with them throughout these couple of months. So a lot of energy throughout cancer season for you.
Topic ID: 20 Episode ID: 4BUMYoy7PiAhqc4nllhOxe Segment Number: 26 Extracted Segment:  You be going to go back to the question of how can you start with little or no money first? You need to think okay. We always trading so what will you trade off? Are you going to trade your time? You can trade your knowledge, you're going to trade your contracts or your brand and your reputations and then go back to the same process with starting the business to identify your own passion and values and then who you want to have Help what are their problem? And how would you like to help them? So you're going back there and I have some ideas that I can suggest you people want to start up their own business with little or no money. Yeah. Yeah, for example, if your parents since you are already looking after your own children, why don't you offer your babysitting service to your children friend parents? Yeah, they come to your house. Anyway, why not? Taunting them, right? Yeah, you know you kill two birds in one stone. They already in your house or if you have a spare room in your house. You can let it out through a B&B or through other service accommodation. Yeah platform if you don't have a spare room, how about your neighbor? Do they have a spare room? I'm sure people like extra money. You can charge them for management fee to manage their despair.
Topic ID: 20 Episode ID: 47JVGqOgQTNGYI73RbfCzK Segment Number: 88 Extracted Segment:  But we can have that conversation another time or here. I think what people spend other people's money, they spend it differently. And so I think that you know, I have empathy but I'm always curious what a lot of media buyers and Executives would do if their actual Children's Health depended on that media spend versus what they do for a living. Yeah. I think I think marketers are trying to find ways to be more engaging with consumers using the medium and a more powerful and impactful way content in context. Yourself around Grant, you know brands that really marry your brand to a Content brand is you this is me. Yeah, we've done so on bubbly the the outside of the Super Bowl the two big Investments. We've had our on the television side the Integrations media integration. So we have a big partnership with the Ellen show and we've had an eight-week flight and it's in show all along 10. Is it Joe and so together? Yeah, I'm Christy your long-lost right people are watching that and that exhaust love it. That's for television.
Topic ID: 20 Episode ID: 0FgJEDNim4FRzhw2aBSlTH Segment Number: 25 Extracted Segment:  Which is what I had to do as early as the age of seven being abandoned at camp at the campground that I mentioned Sleepaway Camp at 7:00. And then later on having to fight to have any core sense of self. This allowed me to really be the strong individual that I am today because I am who I am. I am me which when you are you you are as strong as you can be you're aligned with your higher self. You are aligned with your true sense of power you are aligned with you your true love and ultimately that is when we are living our full Human Experience, so I want to thank you for listening today. Thank you for allowing me to share my personal story with you. Of course The Story Goes On much longer. I can certainly go into details but not in this limited time podcast. So feel free to reach out if you are struggling if my story resonates with you if you feel like you have similarities with me, I'd be happy to help you along your journey by resonating my personal life and help you gain Insight on what you have been through and the effects of your childhood trauma and how it's leading to a life today that's wreaking. Avec now, it's causing chaos today. If you ask me to do what I did, I believe that I would get to this place that I am today. I would tell you a no way but I have proven myself wrong. I am happy. I'm healthy and I'm in a wonderful place mostly because of the work that I've done. This is certainly work this this mind map therapy this journey to yourself. The journey to find yourself is not easy, but it's doable with someone who understands the journey and are someone who can relate the fact that this is not going to be an easy quick fix. So again, thank you so much for listening if you do need assistance.
Topic ID: 20 Episode ID: 2mIJfjQjU138yuQh0T9lZk Segment Number: 20 Extracted Segment:  Hair out thinking that you know, how do I police this this situation but there are some things that are just out of their control without locking up their child 24 hours a day. Are you saying that with this particular intervention this starts to look at the wider context that I guess enables younger people to be safe in those down periods when they're not in the home. Yeah, absolutely and we wouldn't want our young people to be under constant. Supervision because then how do you grow into independent adults? So we you know in child protection what we've done historically as talk about what is this parents capacity being protective very social work term in a contextual safeguarding approach. We're asking what is our Collective capacity to support this child. Not just the parents. We still obviously need to know what is the parents capacity, but then they'll be lots of other people whose capacity we have to think about depending on where the harm is occurring of a I was being sexually harassed in school as a transfer between lessons and having their skirt lifted up by other students whose capacity is being undermined their snot their parents. The parents are not there. They cannot control what happens to their child when they're in school or they could do is pull out of school and we know parents get into a lot of trouble for doing that. So who could affect change in that school school leaders pastoral care other students?
Topic ID: 20 Episode ID: 30TV1iXAfcFKS0tgJ3MlB8 Segment Number: 61 Extracted Segment:  Mr. You sound like anyone that's criticizing you you know China if you seek a to my haters. Oh, yeah, you know, no it slipped. All right, so now we're going to touch on goal. So what are some goals that you guys have set for the end of the year? And how are you actively working towards that David you have some interesting goals? It wasn't recording before my kids. I think like those are hard for me personally because it's like I said, like things change along the way and like you might say something about then something will happen later on in life. Okay my kids if you can hear this, you're not chopping my money just so you know, I've suffered enough to enjoy myself when I Go, please burn it like that engine guy the better with a car not dangerous man. Like that's when I stopped by his car bro. I think was wrong Rolls-Royce or something bro. Is that technically like what? I mean? They're all right now, but I think for me I find out how to set goals because like it's just I get distracted easily and then that goes not big enough, right? Yeah. I feel like that's the thing.
Topic ID: 21 Episode ID: 6uulIspd1hEdTkoTeV9GGg Segment Number: 45 Extracted Segment:  Because like people were like ratted us out, but like I don't know. anyways moving on from that what are like the differences between America and Ireland if you want to have it look like like how is like what's like Looks like a normal like day in the life of how is it different? They're there in the summer league is differently. No, but when he came for a year.
Topic ID: 21 Episode ID: 7lVrfLI6WIIwqQQfNwn9IU Segment Number: 78 Extracted Segment:  So starting goalkeeper living with 17. Yeah. So put the Patrick you played in the league. So let's talk about that. Someone like Luis Robles. I mean, you know, obviously a high veteran, you know at Red Bulls been there forever kind of a I wouldn't want to say Legend at Red Bull but kind of I mean, yeah is amazing. Yeah the main been there for years. And now going to Miami which is an expansion Club in you how would you feel if you were in that situation? I mean I can I can physically put myself in anybody is Shoes and I don't know what his mentality is exactly because I've actually never really spoken to him but I would say, you know, it's warmer. I would also say it's probably good to get a change of scenery. Yeah, we don't know the ins and outs. We don't know how he was feeling and stuff and I think if somebody if if you're feeling you've been somewhere for a while. And somebody really wants you and expansion expansion team and you have the opportunity to come in as a leader. Yeah, because you've been in the MLS for so long and and take that roll over back that's enticing towards end of your career when I was with Philly and I wasn't I wasn't starting with Philly. I was so happy to go to New York. I had originally, you know wanted to be allocated to New York and when I got to go to New York, like it just changed my mentality it's where I wanted to be. I was excited. I had the best two years.
Topic ID: 21 Episode ID: 0XnDgNWcGrm39A9zoElrD8 Segment Number: 17 Extracted Segment:  Okay, I remember being salty because I didn't make Varsity soccer. But most of my Recollections are junior don't start until about prom season, which that that was interesting. So can you tell us a little bit about your prom experience? So I am a promposal which I maintain are ridiculous. If you are dating someone if you're single you have to be the most impressive person out there, you might convince your date. You're the best option. Anyway, it's my grand idea was to ask the girl that I'd want to go with in front of the whole school at a pep assembly. This worked out fairly well because it was her birthday and every once in a while you sing, Happy Birthday to a person.
Topic ID: 21 Episode ID: 7z1x3HIh6px6VtxWHHpSNu Segment Number: 59 Extracted Segment:  questions out of the entire month month and a half that you guys were gone. What is what are some of the experiences that both of you kind of felt like we're unique either with the fans with the media with you know on the field. Just kind of some that stick out to you. one of my favorite parts of the World Cup I think was
Topic ID: 21 Episode ID: 6OYgZ23WlpdrRctqJCDnUk Segment Number: 61 Extracted Segment:  Instagram linked and it looks like he was in a relationship. It says he posted this picture last year. It doesn't use social media a lot which was obviously like a good sign to me like you're not very social media obsessed. That's a good thing. It's kind of like a good balance for me because I am constantly it's like part of my job that I am constantly on my phone on social media, but it looks like he had a long relationship and like looking at his captions. He was pretty sweet towards this girl and it looks like they were together for like 3 years. So you like learn so much about someone's past by having their Instagram and having their Twitter and like I can't tell if it's like a good thing or a bad thing. You know what I mean? Like wouldn't I don't know. What do you guys think? Let's hear some feedback. If you have any just like let me know because I don't speak with social media and like significant others, especially after like my path like my very last relationship. I feel like I kind of like it just because it helps me kind of piece together what kind of person they are. Are and you find out so much you can find out if they have siblings at their clothes with their family. Just you know, what their friends are like that's so important to tell what their friends are like and what kind of pictures they post and post like I'd say it's a post like a bunch of pictures of them at like Tau or like any kind of club and there's like a big group of them like it table and I have like a bunch of bro picks where it's like none of them are single pictures of them with their family.
Topic ID: 22 Episode ID: 0xmx9StGweiC5eYvsIre1C Segment Number: 5 Extracted Segment:  Record this whatever man welcome to the hiccups Healthcare day here. I come you might check check check check. I got some thought-provoking questions to thought-provoking questions because I had a theory we can we can save it or we can use it for for this podcast, but the name I was singing welcome to the hiccups. Welcome to the hick and I was thinking premise wise is that we kind of like discover or go in depth in the vortex that is Lennox Ville and the lifestyle that it was living in the University town and going to school in the University town. So we have a different spin because we were locals. Yeah going there so we can even go in depth and discuss that and maybe even like how things have changed for instance like today with social media. Our to like the bar scene was the big thing. You worked in many bars. Yeah. That was like the pivot point. Was that our stat like our status symbol while we were going to school where we locals where we the drinking crowd where we all three and where did that rank in the hierarchy and the social status ladder? That is because I think it's completely changed now, like if you drive by the bar on a Thursday night, it's dead quiet come ten o'clock. Whereas back in our day you drive by the bar by 10:30. We had our Buddy Joe that had to be there to DJ if
Topic ID: 22 Episode ID: 0hlO3MdhaCoDnhbAnkvjwr Segment Number: 81 Extracted Segment:  Textbook on my couch in front of my TV, maybe greater like, you know, wherever I don't necessarily need my TV, but if I could just like be more comfortable with it well with that we'll get into our next this week. I want to talk. Talk to you about a Cryptid that isn't necessarily an in falsehood Basics. I don't want to here's the thing. Here's the thing. I've talked about this before. I don't want to necessarily keep with just Cryptids that you see in the game because we had all this speculation before back in Yonder years back when if you were a first time if you listen to us in the first week, we came out we had an episode that I painstakingly up to all the audio in the background for one my Because we forgot to turn on the other mic. There was really bad. It was really bad. If you'd been here since then my congratulations to you because we got rid of that Episode VII quickly as the kids say we kind of scrap that one right? Do we still do you still have it saved somewhere?
Topic ID: 22 Episode ID: 2Rms0pcdVLQKpS8lTqJJIR Segment Number: 47 Extracted Segment:  I'm unique in this office. I have a much longer commute than most people For Better or Worse most times worse. So I listen to a lot of podcast namely right now. I'm listening to One called critical role. It's a podcast about Dungeons and Dragons. We're a bunch of voice actors play it I listen to a design podcast weekly called 99% visible a comedy podcast called my brother my brother and me. I mean the list goes on and on and on but that's just kind of The Stereotype box that I'm trying to check. If I guess I just came off finishing the Chernobyl podcast. Oh, yeah, that was like so basically Chernobyl HBO made the show Chernobyl which is absolutely fantastic. But there's an episode by episode podcast with the showrunner that really looks into like not just the making of the episode but how much of the historical like realism they kept intact and just that whole like that whole thing is just absolutely insane and just a really fantastic podcast a fantastic show revisionist history. Always I'm catching up with season three. That's a really great one. Oh there I mean there's some episodes of the Conan podcast that like have me in tears. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, honestly. Yeah, I don't I don't think that's kind of there. Is this there is this one episode of Thomas middleditch and Schwartz that like killed me and then film spottings kind of a go-to that was like the first podcast I ever started listening to regularly. So awesome. Well, it's read more about Patrick and Kyle's trend of podcast as digital test Labs as well as our other.
Topic ID: 22 Episode ID: 2o5BYjVKqRC6SpEr2u8pQz Segment Number: 51 Extracted Segment:  The Philippines on so close last year. Oh, I think the Fortnight cards gonna help now. Yeah, so we'll see. I love that works by the by like what can I use to travel more skilled? We have to push this over the edge of travel. Yeah. Well, I also, you know on camera stuff. I've traveled a lot to it that's been fun. So I've been see Knoxville and I've been to, Utah. And some other places so hopefully that all they have a lot of shows in Vancouver and New York. I did a movie over there. Oh, wow. So yeah, that's yeah fun. Well, I do have an interesting question. Actually thought I'd like to ask so obviously we've spoken a few times over the last year or so. Would you say that your performances have differed or whether you've learnt from any particular other actors or from yourself? You know how I love you. How have you? Moved as an actor over the last year or so has anything changed so good question is a good question. I feel like every job that I do I learn or relearn something that if you it is a skill you haven't used in a while and you suddenly have to draw it up. I feel like auditioning it performing is as much a practice as as attempting to do a workshop. It's can be better than a workshop because you do it live. Yeah and it is it is so cumulative in terms of like what you what you learned from your work. I recently
Topic ID: 22 Episode ID: 3RffQ3V0uly9npufuWRFeX Segment Number: 30 Extracted Segment:  See you later. Herein, are those of the host only do not necessarily reflect the views of AfterBuzz TV or solder differently.
Topic ID: 23 Episode ID: 4NvL58wD3ClVrj3j9sEXkT Segment Number: 22 Extracted Segment:  Their left or died in the Nazi occupation of France by the end of World War Two Colin was even more zealous and his religious beliefs than before he continued to preach and gathered a new set of followers shortly after World War 2. He claimed that he wore on miraculous cross which bled on his chest and that he had been blessed with Stigmata after the war Marcel Daniel OT another early friend of Colin's return to find the mild-mannered. Honored priest changed he said quote. What was my stupefaction when I returned from captivity in 1945 to learn of his strange Behavior and the grief. He was giving to his superiors of the church and quote Daniel. He wondered if his friend had been quote traumatized by the tragic events of the defeat of our armies and the capitulation of France and quote. He could find no other explanation for Collins personality shift on October 7th. 50 Colin announced to his followers and to his superiors within the Catholic church that the Christ and virgin had once more appeared to him this time consecrating him as Pope. Jesus had specifically told him quote you will now sign your name Clement the 15th and quote. He proclaimed himself Pope ordained by Heaven. Colin did not try to usurp the sitting Pope, but he did claim that they were equals. He said he
Topic ID: 23 Episode ID: 2pl0xpiGbs6fDOYyfUac9G Segment Number: 16 Extracted Segment:  Catholic right there comes a point where you have the faith of your family. There's a point where it really becomes your own and you're not just going to mass anymore you got on the retreat. Well, you went on a retreat you got on the retreat team your community started to change and you're surrounded by other like-minded like passionate Catholics. I'm hearing that there's like a shift from just your average next-door neighbor Catholic to like pass. And it Spirit-filled Discerning praying Catholic. Absolutely, and I think when you look at any statistics about Catholics, what percent of Catholics actually go to mass every week or what percent of Catholics think you can have relationship with Jesus those numbers tend to be really depressing that statistic alone is terrifying to me when I read about how many Catholics don't believe in the true presence of Jesus in the Eucharist or who don't believe that God is active and alive Live and interested in a daily relationship with them. It's so sad to me. I completely agree. It's super sad. And so you just want everyone to have that deep relationship because then once you do, you just can't lie shut up about it. I will say that I even sometimes do shut up about it, you know, even though I'm thinking about Jesus or thinking about Kingdom things like salvation and God's provision. I'm not always
Topic ID: 23 Episode ID: 613xXczaymDNN0vQ8vIZc7 Segment Number: 12 Extracted Segment:  At least he was back then at Wheaton College Church can't use was the pastor Buck wiggle really challenged us to think and to question some of our assumptions presuppositions. But for me, it was the first time I heard of people like venerable bead or Bernard Bernard of clairvaux or some of these guys that I had never heard of before in my life and it really made me ask the question. What am I missing here? You know. What is it in my Christian experience outside of learning the Romans road and you know various proof text from John's gospel. What are these guys that they're talking about? And so that started me on a trajection of wanting to explore my faith in a much deeper realm and historical realm and so moody is great in many ways. One of the I think deficiencies. Was that there is not really a holistic approach to education in terms of liberal arts. So I transferred went to Cedarville University and my wife and I got married that summer and then we packed up our stuff and went to Cedarville is a newlywed couple. She was a nursing major and then I was a history major and I studied under another historian whose emphasis was in English reformation. And that's dr. James McGoldrick and
Topic ID: 23 Episode ID: 2VUYcukQMSG3HaXbScyn0C Segment Number: 11 Extracted Segment:  Where the Lord was moving me that was clearly the place to go even if it was difficult and people around might not understand but it's beautiful. Father I'd love to hear more about that discernment. You said there were like things happening in your life. And in your prayer that we're kind of pointing to priesthood and that's a question. We get a lot we're often asked about discernment but even maybe more broadly, how do I know God is speaking to me. How can I hear God's voice in prayer? He's going to say, you know, I didn't hear the calling of the priest until I was 25, but the calling was always there and didn't hear it because I'm praying it's kind of like Wi-Fi, right you like down the street and I'm like the way how come I can't Back to the network well because you're so far away. I need to come close into the home. Lord says go inside and close your door, right, you know be with the father. So prayer changes the Mind from an unknowing or like distant from the Wi-Fi kind of cluelessness to like starting to notice. And so ultimately when I discern with someone who's considering their vocation the question of where's the piece where you more you and then what brings that
Topic ID: 23 Episode ID: 0JBbvDsNC7gIGxH1rhZbLc Segment Number: 33 Extracted Segment:  Businessman that I was going to get baptized. This is during the Pope Leo Borgia and Pope's rains publisher of 10th and all that who you know, I put on Twitter once who said this which pope said this isn't it? Great to make the make a profit off the superstitions of this religion. Now imagine that said today in 24/7/365 social media and news coverage people would just go nuts about that. And that was a valid Pope Pope Leo the 10th. Charts those things cause them a valid Pope. And yeah, and if we're still here was we still survived and they were talking about a time when people were there was blood on the streets because of the papacy and there was times when the posts were sleeping around with not only women but men remember you ever heard about the same Peter Damian read that book and he's not talking about just he's not talk about the lathe. He's talking about clerics. Yeah, so we've been through just All disgusting papacy men people man, have we survived? But anyway that Jewett that Jewish businessman Story the guy he goes up to the priest and the priest has catechize it in his what are you get baptized for it goes around because not a now go to Rome and I'll get baptized when I get back this you can do a and want you get baptized now, is that no not good. I'll go to Rome because the priest knows he's going to see the corruption the scanner all that that's going on up there and he's gonna not going to want to, you know, be converted and everyone.
Topic ID: 24 Episode ID: 6zppcozZ7nyKdryGMP8Dc7 Segment Number: 48 Extracted Segment:  If you don't think gives him credibility credibility check out the progressive chick, she wears an apron and sells and sells Insurance because somebody in Hollywood told her to put it on. If it would you buy insurance from somebody in an apron? I got Progressive if we're great. I got it on the skiff and then getting way off topic here. Let's get more off topic. I was listening to these football shows right Le Mans like oh check out the what? Was it the big three? Yeah and Canes Fest Cannes Cannes gas cans Cass. So I'm listening to this dude. They just bullshit for hours and talk about absolutely nothing me tell you something Sports Talk. Is the most mindless talk there is and the and and the Pinnacle of mindless boards talk is the postgame show because every post game show you ever saw was exactly the same. Okay, the winning team they says well, you know, we executed we ran our Playbook we executed well and everybody played as a unit every single time. It doesn't matter and then the loser is going to sit there.
Topic ID: 24 Episode ID: 0kwn2IW8OH465AOQWC8hhD Segment Number: 167 Extracted Segment:  Behaving the way that we do on the park when we go one no up of you know playing it safe scared to thank you. See the books stick in the routines just scared the changing things up a bit. I don't know. I don't know I could be absolutely waffle you. I'm just fuming just fuming and then and then the course of the last two weeks and because it was coupled certainly I am analyzing everything though. And I think that's probably is definitely an angel. I think would have a look at that. I would love to under the Bonnet had to have a look and see what was really going on. Right one thing you called from from some other sort of move us on to be but Marciano's yellow cards cannot think of anything later then Marcia know that that tackle. You're always say no in mostly got a show or they he must he spoke with his messes and the Wasteland or something pause can shave every was that what's to be fair? I mean that would
Topic ID: 24 Episode ID: 0HP2kHsFcIlcfmKGxX4v1z Segment Number: 49 Extracted Segment:  of Why the research stopped in the 1970s? I think it's also their different their books written on this topic and it's definitely multi, you know variable and the variables that Elizabeth mentioned are some of the primary ones but I also think it's important to not exclude the sort of social and political motivations behind. The sort of prohibition of research or prohibition of these drugs and I can say more definitively I can actually talk about the former Czechoslovakia. There's also some good evidence of that motive amongst politicians in the the us, but you know, there's a lot of media news coverage in the 60s and 70s of
Topic ID: 24 Episode ID: 5izX143v2RlBD3vR6N7CHS Segment Number: 94 Extracted Segment:  Names from say your PC to a Steam OS devices you can plug into your television and that's that's the exciting part if actually works is I have a computer upstairs right now and it's a really long HDMI cable that is gross and I have tape up and down my walls and I look just disgusting and I can get rid of that. I can scrub the tape goo off my walls and I can plug in a Steam OS device if it works. It so the thing that I think is confusing about this and and the reason I think that like I think maybe they did themselves a disservice by I don't know it gives people talking about it all week, which I guess it's a plus, you know, you get the buzz going but I kind of feel like without the full picture here. It's really hard to judge my reaction to this news. Like I guess it doesn't matter. Of course. I can't make a buying decision of any sort right now certainly matter, but if if the thing that they're talking about is A dongle that plugs into the HDMI port on my television I would be interested in that as a way to like get to get my PC games to my TV essentially like the Chrome thingy that they just got put out exactly if it's that we're talking about like I'm kind of into it and it could still be that we don't know what will happen. Well, you know what happens to your listener because you're listening this on a Friday afternoon, but at the moment we don't know if
Topic ID: 24 Episode ID: 7jwbEJdB2bd6DUii2PI9Fm Segment Number: 2 Extracted Segment: Campaigns he also has served as director of analytics and development for President Obama's organizing for America. He has well also has a PHD in distributed robotics Jim. How are you this evening I'm doing well is that is beyond the podcast? Yes. Thank you so much for being here. We're excited to just kind of as Evan had mentioned off air. Just kind of pick your brain about what's what your perspective is. And your thoughts are on universal basic income. Yeah, I also Basically, you know wanted to ask you about the the basic income March that's coming up in a few different cities, but I know here it's October 26th and since San Francisco, so I wanted to ask you about that and yeah kind of pick your brain on some of these subjects. Yeah, absolutely. Do you want to start with the March or other stuff first? Yeah, let's start with the March. So yeah, that is so October 26th and a lot of different cities now. I'm actually not an expert on what is easy Zach current situation around the world. That's but I know that it seems to be growing every day. It seems like but San Francisco where I'm based will be one of those cities. So we're going to be having people showing up as part of this. A lot of details are still in flux or still figuring out where where the rep March route will be where who exactly is going to be on the speaker's there will have a lot of local folks who are doing work around basic income coming out to talk about that and their perspectives on it, but it's gonna be a real chance.
Topic ID: 25 Episode ID: 5Wgfsg4YYCUT0BOLpb7Sm2 Segment Number: 162 Extracted Segment:  I've learned not to downplay my triggers. I've learned not to downplay my trauma and this is something that I want for all of us. Okay, even if you I don't believe in going to see a white person with a white coat on to heal traumas as a black person who's we all know white folks have a code about white privilege that they don't break for nobody. Even if you're a damn psychologist, they're never going to truly accept or Even be able to relate to or understand why your trauma as a black person is different than anyone else is trauma. Okay, I truly believe that trauma affects us differently because there's so many things pre-existing. There's so much trauma that were born with okay that we have to handle on top of whatever events or occurrences happen within our lifetimes. It's a trauma of dealing with the trauma of Life plus the trauma of being black.
Topic ID: 25 Episode ID: 6jBppZOiAVurFbMupnLnMH Segment Number: 72 Extracted Segment:  Now a lot of people don't know but if you are in college most campuses should have a health center. And in that Health Center is not just nurses and doctors and stuff. There are therapists that are there for you like you they're there for you and you shouldn't have to pay anything because they are there for the students and if you're not in school, you can use websites like their therapy for black girls or just a quick Google search of black therapist in your area to help you. Line one now personally, I would rather see a black therapist. I'm because I feel like there are some cultural nuances that only another black person will be able to understand and also how we as black people process pain and Trauma is a lot different from other cultures. So that's my reasoning for seeking out black therapist, but you decide what is best for you. The goal here is just for you to unload and process your feelings. In a healthy manner so that is what I have for you all because and I hope it's helpful. But that is what I have done. And that is my story of how I have gotten back to who I am as a person and hopefully it helps you remember that. You have One Life to Live and I don't know about you, but I do not want to spend more time living to satisfy and appease other people rather than satisfying myself. And also one thing I found very
Topic ID: 25 Episode ID: 3SLXSRTV5HmoXwvr0Csuad Segment Number: 6 Extracted Segment:  I doing this why am I starting a podcast? So I mean basically I feel like I want to discuss just things that I love in general mainly like film and music or maybe music and film television things of that nature and I feel like this could be a good medium for me to really just talk to you guys about you know stuff that I'm into maybe you get a perspective on me and I'm interested in and if like I ever have people come on just you know, like just their taste in general. Like I'm really curious to hear everyone else's taste also and just like stuff that I'm seeing for the weaker things that may be impacted me in a certain way like maybe a movie that I just saw just impacted me or an album that I just heard that has impacted me for that week in particular really meant something to me at that time. I mean, I really wanted to do that for a while. While but I was like, I've always felt like I've never been super photogenic. So like recording a YouTube video is never really in the plans for me because I was like putting a camera on a recording myself talk just doesn't really seem like something that I would do or you know, I don't know just it just never was something that I was interested in but you know recording a podcast, you know, it kind of gives me something that I can really not like hide behind but something like, you know, that's more comfortable for me. It's just like me having
Topic ID: 25 Episode ID: 5188tUPIWVwRlLSbHdLJGO Segment Number: 112 Extracted Segment:  I think I think me being young helps. I think that makes it more relatable. They add me on social media the some of the managers add me on Facebook. It's been interesting man, but I just I enjoy talking to people and I get in trouble for my girlfriend because I'm in there talking too much rather than buying and I just like some of the guys man and some of the girls that work there. They're just I can relate to him and we could talk for an hour. Our so I don't know but I guess that helps me out, you know, I guess it really does but I really do care about the individual and I asked how they're doing. Like I really want to know because there's a difference when you ask somebody how they're doing and you really don't care. You're just trying to small talk, but I really want to know so I don't know it's just the type of person but don't be discouraged. Like I said some stores are just not the same one of the stores do the managers. I don't know why they must think I'm some rich kid or some kid from privilege that just comes in there thinking he can buy whatever he wants. I have no idea but I don't know it is what it is Matheny for you can if somebody doesn't like you Mandy got problems. That's all I can say. Yeah, but I mean I could see I could see why I mean that could be the perception right like you come in you're dropping tons of money on shoes. But again, like that's they're not seeing not just your back.
Topic ID: 25 Episode ID: 17w9fZZtAgOxE279AAcIN5 Segment Number: 2 Extracted Segment:  Puzzled with life I'm gonna chat shit so carry on listening and quickly you enjoy. Thanks guys. Hi guys, it's me here. And this is my first podcast. I mean kinda nervous because I'm talking to my record thing was so I'm really sorry if this first one's kind of awkward, but yeah, this is my first official podcast. And I really just want to talk about things that are going on in my life in the sense and things that could be related to and just hopefully things that people feel and can really relate to you while listening to this podcast. I want it to be kind of like just things that maybe people think of weird that they struggle with. Oh they're going through and I'm going through them too. So I thought would be a really good place to just come and vent and talk and hopefully someone or people will listen and enjoy. So yeah, it's essentially just going to be a podcast someone who is fucking lost in this world and doesn't really know what they're doing. And I just taking every day as it comes if first podcast is going to be on the topic of post you need oppression or how to deal with The Graduate life because
Topic ID: 26 Episode ID: 0CZzhzs767ri1FopKsCRD7 Segment Number: 125 Extracted Segment:  The assassination of John F Kennedy and Nixon's reticence to release the White House tapes stemmed from not wanting the cia's role in the assassination to come to light with an official story. So obscured by lies and cover-ups. The truth about Watergate is hard to unravel join us next week as we search for answers. Thanks for tuning in to conspiracy. Theories will be back Wednesday with a new episode. If you'd like to learn more about Mark Phillips role in Watergate and the counterintelligence tactics. He employed in his meetings with Bob Woodward check out our episode on deep throat in Espionage. Another par Castor original you can find episodes of conspiracy theories and all other par cast. As for free on Spotify not only de Spotify already have all of your favorite music but now Spotify is making it easy for you to enjoy all of your favorite part Castor Originals, like conspiracy theories for free from your phone desktop or smart speaker to stream conspiracy theories on Spotify just open the app tap browse and type conspiracy theories in the search bar. And remember the truth isn't always the best story and the official story.
Topic ID: 26 Episode ID: 0CZzhzs767ri1FopKsCRD7 Segment Number: 27 Extracted Segment:  Found on the burglars and McCord's connections to the CIA and creep. They figured that someone in the government or Nixon's Campaign Committee must have been involved but proving that would be a difficult task. Fortunately Woodward had a friend high up in the executive branch. He had helped the reporter on some stories in the past under the condition that Woodward never quote him even anonymously in newspaper parlance. He was On deep background. No one at the Washington Post not even Bernstein new Woodward sources true identity. One of the post editors had started referring to the source as deep throat a play on his deep background status and a reference to a pornographic film that was making a momentary sensation the unfortunate name stock when Woodward reached out to a source and asked about Watergate deep throat seem nervous. And would only say that things were about to heat up. He did give Woodward one piece of information. One of the Watergate burglars was carrying an address book with the name Howard e hunt written beside the words W house.
Topic ID: 26 Episode ID: 4UMl3gVO0Qr8dbbe1uebTy Segment Number: 73 Extracted Segment:  Two reporters with the Washington Post Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein ask the same questions their colleagues at other National papers had moved on with the rest of the public but Woodward and Bernstein vowed to keep reporting. They knew there was more to uncover Woodward and Bernstein used several informants including bookkeeper Judy ho back but none became as famous as they're very active Source a person famously codenamed deep throat deep throat would only speak to Woodward on deep background meaning Woodward couldn't use the information directly in his articles. But only as a guide to direct his reporting the mysterious informant met with Woodward and parking garages confirming information the journalist learn from others and steering the reporter in the right direction, but it was evident to the That Woodward received his information from inside the investigation exclusive details showed up in the paper. Sometimes just days after agent Angelo Lando's daily updates acting FBI director Patrick gray was apoplectic the leak must be plugged he put his right hand Man Mark felt in charge of rooting out the source felt was unsuccessful in plugging the leaks.
Topic ID: 26 Episode ID: 3FKMdWpQBprrVpir9mXLLJ Segment Number: 0 Extracted Segment:  Yes, it's a two-bit was ready to out of fucking 10 a two out of ten McStuffins. Yeah. All right. I'm I'm a one to two I'm one mixed up in one very very all right, and that's it. Hey, so we'll sign off and I said chat to you later. You heard it first from D and F.What do a podcast contain cause language and what do we share about the film's we review the entire plot? Is there something else I should know? Oh, yeah, accidentally on purpose offensively. It's not a big deal with it or move on because we swear a mother. So turn this off now because it's the last time it'll be fucking censored this look guys.
Topic ID: 26 Episode ID: 5SaFsYvUoThZNwYtHuAnPZ Segment Number: 71 Extracted Segment:  The end of season one. I'm walking by the startup desk needs to chat was working on a script right now. Ignore me. I'm just narrating after the wet. Like I can't walk around with a microphone. Hold on. Yeah, and here's the reply all table during the middle of an edit. I don't think I'm going to me that is a decision. How's your recording there? Nothing's going wrong. Stick around for a few hours. What are you what are you trying to capture? I'm just trying to sort of give people a sense of what's actually going on here now. Oh, you know one thing that people always ask me if they happen to hear the Burnett episode. You were Central player in the burnout episode with the update gingivitis. Okay turns out it wasn't gingivitis. It was basically I wasn't for Right and everybody's going to feel Superior to me about that, but nobody's flossing. Right but in general like everything is way way better. It's like I have personal hygiene. I think our entire production cycle is like a lot calmer and we go Tim's making face and because the last two nights were bad, but the last few nights were bad and that was exceptional like that was not difficult, right? I hope so man also has supper Tim is sitting right next to me and sruthi sitting across from me like
Topic ID: 27 Episode ID: 0yuFVIAbYJr2cR5PFTtSaF Segment Number: 3 Extracted Segment:  Also want to thank all the men and women of the military that are serving or have served. Thank you for your braveness and courage not to help us keep living Our Lives the way we are and you're not allowing us to do whatever we want. Basically giving us that freedom. You know for that. I thank you also want to thank All the activists that we've had throughout this nation's young history that have pushed this country forward into the right direction, you know people like Abraham Lincoln, you know, Susan B Anthony Malcolm X Martin Luther King Cesar Chavez. Tyler Oakley, you know all these people that fight for various different causes. Yeah. I want to thank those people and thousands of others as well that have helped.
Topic ID: 27 Episode ID: 1UhLiTpZJ9NfShpmwloAPw Segment Number: 77 Extracted Segment:  Facebook page and it's just Warrior goddess witchcraft at on the Facebook site. And there's also an Instagram which is simply at Warrior goddess Witchcraft. And so all the listeners I'd like to invite to go there and have conversations with us and we can discuss, you know the topics that We talked about further and you know really start a good conversation about what others think and believe and what experiences they've had and what have led them to this point and why they might be interested in walking this path with us. So I definitely invite everyone to visit us there and and start a conversation with us. Absolutely. Absolutely. I'm very excited to just to hear other people's thoughts and their experiences and you know, I think everyone who chooses to join us on this path is going to not only learn from others, but they're also going to teach as well. I believe that all the listeners and everybody that's in the group truly has something to share that can benefit someone else in
Topic ID: 27 Episode ID: 733luUFBNKVo6qukjiVbg6 Segment Number: 14 Extracted Segment:  Double agriculture something that you can study there, isn't it? Yeah, I think so. There's the vegetable gardens on campus which others nearly an acre of vegetable. Wow, that's a big garden. And there's we have one coordinator who works year-round but she's got for staff who work with her in the summer. Holy that's not a small operation. And then there's trendy Peary on campus as well as well as sustainable agriculture and Food Systems Society. Wow. Yeah, so they're on campus as well. And I think tried has this long-standing. I mean it was In the 60s is kind of its look at alternative hippie school. It was kind of a hippie. Yeah, and some ways it's like gone in different directions from that in the last 20 years, but they're definitely still is a quart of folks who are pretty political and pretty engaged in the issues of the day, whatever those might be in right now. It's I'm certainly climate change right is one of them. So yeah, I think that that's part of the reason both a spoon and and sustainable agriculture program is such a good fit at Trend and also it's in such a Geographically in terms of it being in them surrounded by land that is good for a bunch of different degree programs there right Environmental Management courses and sustainability courses and are and Indigenous studies courses, like being tied to the land where the university is lends itself to having this sort of classes available to students that are pretty symbiotic. I think. Oh, yeah. I want to know more about the market Garden to so yeah. You said the majority of what it produces go?
Topic ID: 27 Episode ID: 27v21bF1DYn9C6yQfjTpLJ Segment Number: 89 Extracted Segment:  This 1969 independent row drama film has become a cult classic in terms of motorcycle movies. It was directed by Dennis Hopper who also co-wrote the film with Peter Fonda and Terry Southern furthermore Hopper and Fonda also starred in the film alongside Jack Nicholson. It is about a pair of bikers who travel across the southwest of America carrying the proceeds of a drunk T ol the film was acclaimed for exploring societally Landscapes topical issues and tensions in the 1960s America. It was also praised for the directing writing performances soundtrack and visuals.
Topic ID: 27 Episode ID: 20u6nEZWvGW3xibFqW4yoL Segment Number: 35 Extracted Segment:  What the Sig is actively doing and I think that that's important because it helps, you know, if you are looking to get involved you may hear I know last year CSM, we talked about specifically a couple fact sheets that we wanted to make and so, you know students have the opportunity to say hey as a student like this information would be helpful to me or maybe it's hey as a student. I have some talent in, you know, graphic design or something that might be really helpful as you're as you're working on that and it gives you the chance to kind of jump in at that level, but the other thing The I love about Sig meetings is there's typically a discussion of what's happening in the in the field of practice as a whole. So people will share different Trends will talk about sort of what's Happening as far as I know last. We talked a lot about opioids because that's something that really impacts the early intervention Community, but and you'll get to hear just different people from different experiences and different areas talk about what that looks like for them. And it really is is something where you should feel open as a Student to chime in with your questions and thoughts to because again like your perspective is really valuable. And so that I mean it really is just a chance for us to sort of share here's what the Sig is doing and then find out how we can support members better and as students, you know, we want you guys to consider yourselves a part of the membership of the icig whether you're actually a member yet or just considering it. We want to know what's helpful to you. What do you need to know? What would make you feel more supported as someone who's coming to this thing?
Topic ID: 28 Episode ID: 1WeuaTXr6j74ZAdJ8ZP7EU Segment Number: 53 Extracted Segment:  Yeah, I think there's a million and one factors involved. But yeah such an interesting things I think about. Yeah, I mean it comes out us from so many angles and there's you know, a couple episodes ago on the podcast. We talked a lot about the social stigmas and the economic disparities that contribute to a lot of the the health divide that we see in the populations and that it's not actually just about the weight and that stress can really contribute to your health. Outcomes and stress can be caused by weight stigma, but that's a very valid form of stress. So what are some of the what's the cause of the effect? I'm sorry, the effect the negative effect. Mmm impact that dieting and Yoyo cycling weight cycling has on our hormones and how does actually trying to lose weight? Make it more challenging for you to get pregnant because of that impact of the yo-yoing on on your hormones. Yeah. Well, it's so interesting because so many of the studies show like wait and kind of problems increase and we know we've talked about it's not a causation it's correlation. But with so many of these women who are in larger bodies, they have had this history of you dieting and that really isn't taken into consideration in the research and there's so much alternative research out there now showing that this
Topic ID: 28 Episode ID: 7I1KCZZPz1nk24Qe4rEIku Segment Number: 15 Extracted Segment:  Just struggle for parents surrounding gaming. I think the difficulty there's that parents are really struggling with is that since it has become the new, you know, sort of play and gaming has gone from being something that you know seemed very isolative now to almost a mandatory social requirement for kids with in a certain age group. It's very challenging. You for parents to navigate? You know, what's a healthy amount? What's an unhealthy amount? And then how do I what precautions do I take to prevent my child going from healthy to unhealthy and you know staying away from the slippery slope and just monitoring and understanding that when you're busy with your own life and other children think that's a really big challenge right now, especially in just identifying like what is a problem and what's not Because gaming is a very normal activity. It's something that almost all teenagers are participating in regularly and that's only going to become even more prevalent as we continue to have this Tech Centric world where gaming is the fun activity that kids do to connect and to feel a sense of achievement and our generation maybe doesn't understand that as much or parents today are confused by it because it's a new foreign thing and we need to know how to
Topic ID: 28 Episode ID: 2z9Sv0kMSIGE38Vvy7zl3A Segment Number: 22 Extracted Segment:  Like you're eating a lot because you're eating more than non Runners who are around you but in reality, it's still not sufficient to feel your body and it can be a real it can really mess with your head count it because you don't it's really hard to get that perspective. Right? Definitely. Yeah, so just to quickly come back to something you said about your your family and your mom was on a detox diet and your aunt. What who was very ill had taken on one of these sort of Shin diets, was there any context for you where you were able to kind of look at the diets that they were on and think to yourself? Well, I'm an athlete these might not be suitable for me or were you just very kind of attracted to the idea of these super healthy diets. Yeah. I think I almost felt like I had to do it. I mean I've since had some sort of therapy for like health anxiety and I'm pretty sure that was driving a lot of are like I get these these thoughts that aren't rational but at the time they seen Rattle and I think it's bad people. I've always thought it must be so hard for people who don't experience health anxiety to understand but at the time they just seem so real when it can be really distressing as an example. Like now, I might this sounds really silly. But I mean, I still suffer from health anxiety a lot now and for example, I'll have a meal and somewhere in my mind. I'll become convinced that I've eaten something that was off and I'll just
Topic ID: 28 Episode ID: 3Q0YHlqO8wNdFN76NSTXq7 Segment Number: 17 Extracted Segment:  With the bullshit you are the fucking consumer and you're the reason is how she was born. I am bright and demand I am Jazz you are Distributing you are mine and you are the supplier because of people like you the toxic these are nonsense Society or Twitter will never die off. Why have you like erecting the toxic nurse? But you are a consumer. I'm a consumer or the top sickness and then you comment. Yeah, I go I give my opinion know what I okay. But what do you want to move on to why we talked a what is what you have to do? Whatever you do key. Okay, y-you don't have to be a complain. Uh-huh about shit that you are involved in. Okay. Now you tell me why do these small kids are do this style shit? Haha, dilly. Yo, yo part of this shit. So basically I saw this tweet by this girl. She said don't date young men or the same age as you women need a grown-up man. Not a boy. There's a difference day.
Topic ID: 28 Episode ID: 3vEjP7yESMpscIc6ZEhjs5 Segment Number: 39 Extracted Segment:  Was a nun right action. It was a I'm going to be better than you and that's something that we we lost in our world the certain competition aspect. It doesn't have to be a bad on in terms of it doesn't have to be out of hatred but it healthy friendly battle healthy friendly competition. I feel like the world is self things are so watered down sings things are so diluted. It's a misconception that when people say, oh I got to be real. They're usually degrading someone are talking negatively to someone or talking down on someone. R We R for me my objective is you know what? Let me give you this earlier real not in the way that it's trying to hurt. You are trying to make you feel bad. I'm not going to say like, oh, you're fat. You just need to lose weight, but I'm going to tell you yo realistically here the statistics and if you are overweight or if you are doing this and that these are the consequences that come with that and you need to make that decision on what you're going to do or not. So for me, it's really I don't like to use the word real because that's how a lot of people made it but it's just a matter of being authentic to yourself and being authentic with what On or my I tell everybody I'm not a motivational speaker. I'm a public speaker Eric Thomas Les Brown know those are motivational speakers. If you're motivated by my story, that's great. My goal is to get you to message and just give you the message to tell you exactly what it is without watering it down without diluting and that's something that to me is something we really missed. I was also something that I learned from Think and Grow Rich as well. Just having that very confident and direct demeanor right towards your goals and your actions.
Topic ID: 29 Episode ID: 39wZCiRz5mR8GwJZD5N5dA Segment Number: 11 Extracted Segment:  Type of question here is kind of what I have to say in response. I'll give one example to demonstrate. Excuse me to demonstrate this like myself people would often ask me and people do often ask me about things like hey, what do Canadians think about XYZ people often ask me what do Canadians think about blah blah blah blah the last me I often have my opinions and I do have some thoughts to share but in my mind, especially in language, As I'm not quite as strong in you know, I struggle to find the right answer. And so what you might do in that particular scenarios think okay. What someone asked me what to Canadians think about blah blah blah. I need to tell the following. I need to tell them Step 1 what? I think Step 2, I need to tell them what my some of my best friends think step 3. I need to tell them what people on the news say and step 4. I need to tell them other perspectives that I'm not sure but maybe existence. Canada and if I make that mental rule and I drive it into my mind that every time someone asks me as read what to Canadians think about blah blah blah blah my mind goes. Oh, I got to tell him for things. What do I think? Oh, well, I think blah blah blah blah blah Step 2. What do your friends think but my friends often say this. I have a friend named Joe and Joe believes actually that world works like this step 3. What does the news hear? What other people say? I also know some people believe blah blah blah and step for what you know,
Topic ID: 29 Episode ID: 39wZCiRz5mR8GwJZD5N5dA Segment Number: 10 Extracted Segment:  So what I want to recommend to you as I pick up my backpack and put it on my shoulder and I'll be back here. Like what I recommend is, you know, the next time you freeze up. Someone asks you a question about something right and you're like, oh you understood it, but you really struggle to answer. I want you to think about that and say what happened in hindsight. I want you to think about it. What happened there? Why did I not answer and I want you to actually make the categories in your mind. Make some rules in your mind that when you're asked Type of question here is kind of what I have to say in response. I'll give one example to demonstrate. Excuse me to demonstrate this like myself people would often ask me and people do often ask me about things like hey, what do Canadians think about XYZ people often ask me what do Canadians think about blah blah blah blah the last me I often have my opinions and I do have some thoughts to share but in my mind, especially in language, As I'm not quite as strong in you know, I struggle to find the right answer. And so what you might do in that particular scenarios think okay. What someone asked me what to Canadians think about blah blah blah. I need to tell the following. I need to tell them Step 1 what? I think Step 2, I need to tell them what my some of my best friends think step 3. I need to tell them what people on the news say and step 4. I need to tell them other perspectives that I'm not sure but maybe existence.
Topic ID: 29 Episode ID: 5y86Ff6GpDAQw3424VTY3R Segment Number: 32 Extracted Segment:  And I think it's very fundamental is to advocate for clear and ethical use and display of data, especially right now in this moment when you hear everything on the news about how this topic is handled. So I think we we are in the put in a privileged position to make a change to make an impact on this so we have to work as a Cali and in a good way. Yeah. Absolutely. I really like how you frame that I mean, I think obviously it is very important. It's interesting to see You highlight, you know the growing role and importance of clear effective unbiased communication that in all forms not you know just on the web. It's very interesting to see that this is tying into bigger Trends and so maybe a little bit on that note. I'm just curious given that you're you know, you're based in the UK originally from Italy. I'm in Canada and North America. Do you see a difference in the way that some of your clients may be based on where they're geographically located. Do you see a difference on how they perceive that data or how they want to perceive the way it's presented or any sort of cultural? Differences I don't um, I'm lucky enough to always work with good clients and with clients that are good in the way, they use data. So I always approached people that were very happy coal and conscience of the use of their data and the visualization and that's very important because it's like having I quote a superpower because when you design for
Topic ID: 29 Episode ID: 6vuZXESVtr3t9TOLb5Rarz Segment Number: 8 Extracted Segment:  To which my anxiety levels would I would leave work with my anxiety levels at all-time highs. Anyway, I left there thinking though. Like you know what this is not a good fit. So plan B go back to the doctor asked the doctor to refer you to an ADHD specialist. Let's just freaking get this done. So that's what she did. So here is what is happening tomorrow tomorrow. I will be going to my first appointment at what is called. Called here in Toronto the ADHD clinic and I'm going to share with you the experience. Obviously, I'm not going to freaking podcast at my appointment. But what I want to do is share a little bit of this little journey with you. So for my to my knowledge is the ADHD clinic, but at the end of the day, it's going to help identify things like depression anxiety other potential causes of whatever your issues are and so in Canada. We have pretty decent health care but a big chunk of this because is not covered by ohip because it's like Psychiatry. There's a I think there's various doctors involved. All I know is it's appointment one is two and a half to three hours. Yeah appointment to is I want to say an hour and a half an hour and a half which I'm going next Tuesday. And then from there there might be an appointment 3 which might be another hour hour and a half or maybe
Topic ID: 29 Episode ID: 2I86dKI6D8DTuLEJm3DvvX Segment Number: 4 Extracted Segment:  Joe and Dan I'll go first. Uh, yeah, I'm down for that Joe and an all right. So yo, we're doing our podcasts called. I'm a stupid and we're going to be talking about our shenanigans that go on and because we do a lot of stupid shit on the week-to-week basis and we'd like to share it with you guys. Yeah, so it's going to be pretty pretty chillax. Yeah, not not much like system to it. Not much Farms kind of free-flowing. Just stories and yeah, man talking about shit that's going on. Give it our thoughts. Yeah, so let's talk about tell me about you Joe. What do you want? Who are you? Who are you? I'm Joe I go to UMass Amherst that school studying marketing. I'm Dan feel like I'm in one of those things where you have to be like, you know, like when you're in like introducing yourself reminds me of Jojo the Like the orientation. Mmm the beginning like hi. I'm Dan. My pronouns are he/him. And I live in Stoke Hall and I am from Hopkinton Massachusetts. That's nice. And that's the way so now, you know me. So that's Dan. That's me. All right. Now that the introductions are out of the way Todd. Thank God. I'm always the worst thing like
Topic ID: 30 Episode ID: 3nOhRH7FSURQQisgyaheqW Segment Number: 28 Extracted Segment:  I would say that this is not what I would personally choose. So what happened is it was only last month till last month. I never ever in my life. I wanted to start my podcast and dear friend of mine. My beautiful soul sister if you will listen, you know who you are. We were having a conversation and she said so we were talking about life like usually, you know, like sharing our stories how we feel and just holding space for each other and she told me why don't you start your podcast because she listened to different podcast. She loves podcasts and I told her well, I never ever thought about it is am I don't think I have a something to say and you know, I that I have that sense that really I have what I what I am to say is not really worthy to share and she said
Topic ID: 30 Episode ID: 3UMAd7DVwud0BFIwbcwKiO Segment Number: 16 Extracted Segment:  It's not just the women that were coming along to the events. But to anyone in the whole wide world who was interested in hearing the stories of entrepreneurial women who are based in New Zealand, and eventually it'll be further afield but for now, I feel like there is hundreds of stories over here that I want to share. So I'm just going to start with them and then I'm just going to see how this kind of goes and grows and based on the feedback from you guys as the listeners. I will I guess pivot the direction of things as and when needed so the interviews or what I would like to refer to them as chats because I do not like the idea of me just sitting there and dictating the conversation. I feel like these women that are going to be on the podcast have got some awesome stories and the purpose of this podcast is for you to listen and connect with these women. It's so easy to get caught up in your own head about your own business and look onto these people through social media and through You know various other platforms and just assume that everyone's just crushing it and they don't have their own stuff going on and that things have been easy for them when in reality. Everyone has their own unique story and everyone has had to overcome their own challenges and their own roadblocks on the road to wherever they are at the moment in their business and the girl buses are not just full time in the business. There are people that I'm chatting with who are running. This is a side hustle and I just want to hit home that it
Topic ID: 30 Episode ID: 3l168ZnYpbwEsSeDa9n7wR Segment Number: 61 Extracted Segment:  Got back into a relationship that with either of those things. I would lose myself. And neither of those are true. They are limiting beliefs. There is story that I'm no longer subscribed to and I cannot wait to be a mom someday in the future. I cannot wait to be in a relationship again, but a healthy relationship and I have a few podcast episodes coming up that are all about conscious dating and relationships and I'm having some really fun guests on the podcast that are going to talk about love and how they stay whole in themselves and not you know lose themselves. Some relationships, which is something I've learned so much recently and I just can't wait for the next person that I choose to be with and I can like feel his energy and I can feel that it's really close. And I know that it's only not happening because I'm not ready yet. And I'm not ready yet. Simply out of a few small things that I'm still working through. I don't like I don't think I'll ever fully talk about it, but I've also never owned
Topic ID: 30 Episode ID: 4OhmIpB2m6d1nueb29XZJ7 Segment Number: 58 Extracted Segment:  He loves to go to my mother. He loves to go to my husband. He likes the familiarity of them, I guess. I wanted to talk in this podcast about mental illness and being a mom. and just being honest about
Topic ID: 30 Episode ID: 7eWRJMraYsRFKKsDtVGmVw Segment Number: 16 Extracted Segment:  Tips and turn things around for yourself. So all of this to say that today's going to be a short one, but it was important for me to put it in a podcast and that's a way for me to officialize it on, you know online. It's a great source of information for people people are going to be asking about it and I can always refer them to this episode everyone knows I'm a mom and I've been wanting Mom since I'm 20 years old somebody Wrote to me a few days ago. You should do a podcast about how you had feel individual when you're also a mom. This person did not have a child yet. So I found her question normal for someone who doesn't have a child and she said like how do you separate being your own woman and being a mom? I'm scared to have a child and lose my identity and I did not judge her. I actually, you know, I I understand that when you're not a mother you may feel that way. I'm going to say something super cliche and say the minute that you become a mother. You're not afraid to lose your individuality most of the time but in my case, I'm not the right person to actually answer your question. Whoever you are not to mention your name. I'm going to keep that private to because all I know is to be a mom. I've been a mom since I'm a woman.
Topic ID: 31 Episode ID: 5Km0HrkWpsjwNXGzxn1Pvy Segment Number: 48 Extracted Segment:  you're here to do in the world what it is that you're growing into a larger sense of life purpose the bigger questions that you're wanting to ask spend this time letting yourself ask the questions being with the sensations. You don't need to get into any of the answers for now, but over the course of this next month, there's quite a lot of support for you to be doing reflection and sensing and process with all of these questions and themes that's what I have for you for. Now, I hope this horoscope is useful for you and that you found interesting points for your own observation and growth. Thank you so much for listening. Happy cancer season. Bye for now.
Topic ID: 31 Episode ID: 5qVJolbD56sQXkNWxWHH7y Segment Number: 11 Extracted Segment:  For embodied astrology save it and browse podcast in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me on social media on Instagram add embodied astrology. So you'll never miss an episode because you want to catch them all don't you? Hello cancer, welcome to your horoscope for Capricorn season. So this season is bringing a really remarkable shift in energy into all of our Lives. There's a lot of of change and transformation energy that's coming in and that change in transformation requires a lot of Letting Go and moving through and trusting what's on the other side. So if you've been following embodied astrology horoscopes and Probably if you've been following other horoscopes, you are well aware of the deep and Total Transformation that you are going through in your relationships. And in the ways that you relate with others and in the ways that you share power and share leadership and own yourself occupy yourself in relationship. How you advocate for yourself how you affirm yourself how you really know yourself?
Topic ID: 31 Episode ID: 3Iwfaaf98ZQtyHEqtIdNjb Segment Number: 49 Extracted Segment:  Ur, feeling of yourself kind of your essence and then this more Earthly manifestation of your personality and identity there's a lot that you want to be bringing through your body your voice your face your work your gestures your Expressions you want to be bringing something through that you are proud of that you believe in and again as coming right from your Center, please meditate on your heart this month it's a really important space for you to continue to align with To learn more about cancer and how its behaving in the chart. Please do listen to embodied astrology for cancer season give you a lot of tips there around how to access this energy and work with it. Thanks again for listening. Bye for now.
Topic ID: 31 Episode ID: 5Km0HrkWpsjwNXGzxn1Pvy Segment Number: 2 Extracted Segment: Apple podcasts and many other platforms the best thing or one of the best things I think about it is that you can make money from your podcasts with no minimum listener ships. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place learn more about it and download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Hello and welcome. Thanks for listening to the embodied astrology horoscopes for cancer season in 2019. My name is Renee. I'm a Consulting astrologer and somatic intuitive. These horoscopes are meant to Aid you in your healing assist you and your expansion and help connect you with your intuition and highest self as you listen, please listen with an open mind and appreciate the symbols and suggestions take what works for you leave the rest. Remember that these horoscopes are describing General energy for each sign. It's up. You to get specific. I suggest that you listen to the horoscope for your son and your rising sign. Your sun sign is what you tell people when they ask what's your sign it has to do with the time of year. You were born. Your rising sign has to do with the time of day. You are born in the place. You were born. If you know your birth information, you can find out what your rising sign is by getting a free natal chart on my website and bodied astrology.com in the horoscope section. If you enjoy your horoscope, please also take a listen to embody destroy.
Topic ID: 31 Episode ID: 6S1dp88FpnkrTzKOiZZo2Y Segment Number: 2 Extracted Segment: Apple podcasts and many other platforms the best thing or one of the best things I think about it is that you can make money from your podcasts with no minimum listener ships. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place learn more about it and download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Hello and welcome. Thanks for listening to the embodied astrology horoscopes for cancer season in 2019. My name is Renee. I'm a Consulting astrologer and somatic intuitive. These horoscopes are meant to Aid you in your healing assist you and your expansion and help connect you with your intuition and highest self as you listen, please listen with an open mind and appreciate the symbols and suggestions take what works for you leave the rest. Remember that these horoscopes are describing General energy for each sign. It's up. You to get specific. I suggest that you listen to the horoscope for your son and your rising sign. Your sun sign is what you tell people when they ask what's your sign it has to do with the time of year. You were born. Your rising sign has to do with the time of day. You were born in the place. You were born. If you know your birth information, you can find out what your rising sign is by getting a free natal chart on my website and bodied astrology.com in the horoscope section. If you enjoy your horoscope, please also take a listen to embody destroy.
Topic ID: 32 Episode ID: 3YPrQcpfBKHtgAqiC8nITr Segment Number: 7 Extracted Segment:  So the final standings are Nashville will get to raise another pointless Banner for winning the central. Yep. Winnipeg was finished number two and the blues finish number three. So at the end of the day one point separates all three of those teams, correct Nashville with 100 Winnipeg with 99 and blue is a technically there with 99. It's just we lose out on the regulation and overtime wins a column by three to Winnipeg so the blues after how the season the how you know, We talked about how hard it was to kind of get on here and talk try to find something positive about this team. Gosh, most of the December into like the lady said the first week of January before they start turning things around and it's it's kind of a borderline Miracle where we're at right now where we had a chance to win the division going up to the last game of the year. If you had told me in December or honestly if you had told me of New Year's Eve that this team was going to be one point. Away from winning the division. I would have laughed at you straight up laughed. You know, I look it's a bummer. I mean, I don't want to harp on the negative on this show because it is nothing short of phenomenal what this team did but yet again, it is another season where one point here are there over the course of 82 games makes a difference last year is the difference between making the playoffs and not making the playoffs was collar.
Topic ID: 32 Episode ID: 13cWt57IV2zavfROMuecAr Segment Number: 8 Extracted Segment:  So we definitely came in pretty late last year but long story short with that's why we've done three teams per thing. We started earlier this year. I think next year might have started a little bit even earlier to get into the actual W even more but we will do so three more teams. If you're wanting kind of a bit of a chat around 2018, we've done the season reviews so you can go back and have a look through this feed. They'll be all the all the review. So if you want to kind of a bit of a chat about how you team was last year and kind of up until Christmas that that's definitely the best, you know way to have a look at that in this is kind of a discussion really post-christmas. There might be a bit and pieces that kind of happened, you know, like December or because we had about six or seven weeks off. So he didn't sort of happened between the start of December basically until the end of I was almost too much but started December and January anything really have an in between those months will bring that up if it's relating to a team and of any significance Why's it is what it is? I'm pretty sure most listeners out there been following their team's yeah, exactly know what's going on. Yeah, I fell so really this is yeah just a quick synopsis of how we see each of the teams in the lead up going 89 saying yeah, we'll talk about any injury concerns and obviously we'll touch on some of the stuff that's happening in all things AFL flx a fellow W. But yeah, we we will talk a bit of basis at the start. But yeah, the main thing is we're going to do for the ball.
Topic ID: 32 Episode ID: 1LpdgqSOOFYNvP3rfOvL4i Segment Number: 79 Extracted Segment:  Thankfully we do but this is just an amazing thing to see I'm so happy for us. I hope he beats it. Yeah, he's on the cusp and it's crazy to me that people thought I was stupid whenever I thought that he could catch magic this year. I was like, I think he could yeah and he's crazy too. Who does he? Oh, yeah. He's pretty much there. Yeah crazy, so Yeah, this is just a great great game. Overall. This is the type of game that you sort of, you know, you keep this wind in your sails coming back on the other side of this break coming up soon and knowing that you competed at a and a hard place. I guess it's a really good opponent and somebody that you might see in the playoffs and if I'm remembering right, what are we to in one against them? Yep, because we only lost on Christmas. That's what I thought. Okay, and that was baloney any anyway, so yeah, I mean despite the fact that the Rockets shot incredibly well from three in the first half. We ended up actually beating them from there. So we shot 38% they shot 36% we ended up getting in from the field as well 45% to their 43 percent so all in all just a great when something you hope they continue going on into this week and then after the All-Star break, but
Topic ID: 32 Episode ID: 4Cna3VjxADb5c9ECy9CYit Segment Number: 4 Extracted Segment:  This bullshit knows some just like oh man. I don't know what I'm going to do. Well, what are we going to do today? How about that is your topic because something has sparked your interest and set your mind of fire because I believe yeah, so today we wanted to discuss the latest earnings call the da had for their investors. So this would be the Q3 physical 2019, which is the basically the most recent holiday quarter. Everyone who just fell asleep at that no, wait, hold on interesting. Don't leave just yet. No, so I guess the headline that comes out of this is is well, the main one that I think is most BioWare specific is the fact that EA CEO Andrew Wilson said specifically that
Topic ID: 32 Episode ID: 13eCm0BeNpz5fHUnJOYcY0 Segment Number: 40 Extracted Segment:  40 times one year the same stuff over and over again, you know the change in the motivation it gives to the coach and I think that is really noticed by the boxer. If you can keep learning push yourself at your comfort zone and getting better and it's just been fantastic. I really I really enjoyed boxing. So yeah, so here's the 2020s and big times ahead. The youth championships are coming up. We've also got obviously the senior Elites coming up in March. I believe lots of things happening. So yeah. Pistor great 2020 guys have a really really good Christmas. Love to hear your thoughts on your experiences from the year. Let's try and make a little bit more sense of the sport together. Cheers guys, all the best of Merry Christmas. Bye. Bye.
Topic ID: 33 Episode ID: 2C2kcGzm3qj5fVd5j5NFf5 Segment Number: 202 Extracted Segment:  And it's cool to get the stories and it's cool to talk to the people behind these stories. There's work. That's put in John is an HVAC Tech. So he's experienced the problems. We experience in the field and all his products are developed to help us. I mean, there's the products we talked about but there's like coil coating which coats coils and protects them from the elements. There is Viper coil cleaner and the red aerosol can love that stuff. There is evap plus clean evaporator coils another great product. The list goes on and on and on so you guys got to check the stuff out. You guys got to check out John's Leak Detection manual that he was speaking about as well refrig Tek da.
Topic ID: 33 Episode ID: 7xZxuj4gzJ2LrJjugLGqel Segment Number: 114 Extracted Segment:  sometimes that's just the way it is. So like I said guys at the top of the podcast if you check out the link for house-call pro, there's a free trial and there's also a reduced first month cost using the link. Okay guys, and if you want shoot me a review on the platform you're listening to or listening on listen to the podcast on just kind of helps me grow the podcast and get to a larger audience you guys. Great day. Happy HVAC.
Topic ID: 33 Episode ID: 7LPowIG6V6UErKDR3ZsmRy Segment Number: 9 Extracted Segment:  If you write in insulating pipe, well good for you. The first question I'll have for you is was that on the ground was that on a structure? Did you use rope access if there's no information specifying that you were doing rope access? How am I supposed to know that you actually doing rope access to execute your task? So use the technician ask these questions when you're filling in this spot. How did I get there? How did I get back? Did everything go well. What did I learn once you've filled in those entries then label what you've done while you were there? Where are you fixing a wind turbine blade where you washing windows where you you teeing up hype or insulating a pipe that detail information can give us an idea of your experience and understanding and rope access location. Please be as detailed as possible on this entry job site name gas plant oil rig building. So on this city you're working in. Or state you're working in country. Yes, please include the country hours. This is your job as the technician to Monitor and input. This is not the level threes job. Also, make sure that you understand what counts as real Bowers not every our on-site counts many people say time spent in a harness.
Topic ID: 33 Episode ID: 263dei9amyPsMd8zgwkRyh Segment Number: 17 Extracted Segment:  I spent 16 months. Just trying to prove that. I can land one of my rockets on a drone ship as you mentioned earlier while you were working in Canada studying your entrepreneurship you end the brink of poverty, but you persevered and brought this company's back and are very successful. Now the your company's it is very evident that they have made major contributions to our society and have benefited us all could you tell us more about these contributions and their significance to our words our society? Certainly over the past few years many contributions to our society and Humanity throughout time of I found a company that just Tesla Motors and SpaceX the most predominant contribution towards societies is through my company Tesla motors, which is aimed at helping to live a carbon emission from cars and carbon pollution. I believe this is the most significant contribution due to the climate crisis. We are in right now. Currently global warming is affecting our Earth and atmosphere immensely. I mean to find a solution to this problem. This is why customer orders is my most significant contribution. Definitely currently our planet is not in a good state right now. And as you said earlier you need to find Solutions fast. Tesla Motors is a huge factor in helping to limit global warming. Do you think Tesla Motors will be able to limit climate change for sure testimony?
Topic ID: 33 Episode ID: 601d5X8VkfDhjr96PpxzSd Segment Number: 60 Extracted Segment:  My old Mike the very first Micah had which was terrible sounding by the way, but I feel this is a very important topic and there's some new listeners since then that may not have went back and listen to that episode. But what I mean by HVAC Sixth Sense is using the senses that you have to troubleshoot now where I am where I'm based. The market is saturated with HVAC companies. If company a quotes x amount Company B will quote X amount - one dollar company see will come along. Well x amount - two dollars and so on and so forth.
Topic ID: 34 Episode ID: 7LrlEm1QT3rO0oWNZaRcef Segment Number: 74 Extracted Segment:  Alrighty, so David Bowie appeared at a Halloween night at General Gordon Gravesend England. The gig lasted 15 minutes after Bowie sang Space Oddity. It's everyone's delight and then dragged a stool on stage along with a huge book. Then he sat and read poems and was booed off stage. So there's your fun Halloween history. That is a classic about. Yeah, I think that I just thought that was funny it is it is pretty funny. All right, so that's all I got for my story. So I'm ready to hear yours. Cause yours sounds super interesting. It is it is. I mean, I heard it from a person that I know for a long time. And because I didn't know this the this person this songwriter musician, you know, yeah, I heard it from her. But yeah, it's I thought it was pretty interesting because a lot of the things that happened during his life and after I mean y'all get to it, but it is pretty interesting. I must have excited to hear it man.
Topic ID: 34 Episode ID: 1WDniRS2Jl5zXk09ruxT2M Segment Number: 30 Extracted Segment:  Maybe that a hundred percent isn't me? She's done and really look for one. I kind of am I think but probably not know what if I'm dating someone I probably want to take you because when I can't believe you're buying everything for her. Yeah now I would not want you if you were dating someone I wouldn't care if you can get a girlfriend by the next time Horror Nights come around then maybe I'll buy my own sake Yeah Halloween for me. I just think it's a fun time for the spooky season. I enjoy when all these horror movies are coming out at the time or even showing the classic ones. I mean writing out all the Halloween movies they show or released and hot-plug Tobar or the best but if it gets me good scare, I'll say hey it got me good and I'm just happy with it. But I don't know Halloween feel like I've always been like top holiday for me. The funny thing is is you're saying You like Halloween probably because your birthday is in October. My birthday is in July. I hate the Fourth of July. I am every birthday now. I forgot the second. I like what I don't like a little correction. I don't hate Fourth of July all think you can't say that I think you will be no patriotically. I love for the Kansas a big drug protocol. I love Fourth of July. I love the holiday itself. It's so weird holiday. It's so weird to me like so being
Topic ID: 34 Episode ID: 4yrbY0sJ5JxDZpQqxH6sSa Segment Number: 8 Extracted Segment:  Talking about today many ways. Yeah, that's our weak super fun. So today we're going to be talking about senior year of college because that's kind of our most recent experience that we've had with college and I think it's important and worth talking about especially because at the time that this is coming out a lot of people are probably still at the very beginning of their senior year or maybe you're a junior or sophomore freshman or you know, what maybe you just like senior year and you want to talk about it. So let's do that. Okay, so there's a lot of things we could talk about with senior year obviously graduation, which we're going to go into but something that I was thinking of when we were brainstorming for this episode was my favorite thing in my least favorite thing about senior year because there's all these like myths and legends and lore folklore always things you hear about senior year in like wanted to get into the the real stuff. So yeah, I don't know if you'll agree with these but okay, let me eyes. I said that my favorite thing about senior year was being with other seniors. Obviously, there's a lot to that but answer.
Topic ID: 34 Episode ID: 34pwI8sMRTIB2A3N0saqU1 Segment Number: 4 Extracted Segment:  not ask before taking welcome to haunted places a podcast original. I'm Greg pulsing every Thursday. We take you to the scariest eeriest most haunted real places on Earth and share their stories. This episode is part of our urban legends Halloween special every day for the month of October. We're presenting our spooky spin on an urban legend then diving into the history of the horror like it or not each territory. Flying tail contains a grain of Truth. You can find episodes of haunted places and all other park has two Originals for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts to stream haunted places for free on Spotify just open the app tap browse and type haunted places in the search bar at par cast were grateful for you our listeners you allow us to do what we love. Let us know how we're doing reach out on Facebook and Instagram at par cast and Twitter at
Topic ID: 34 Episode ID: 4QvekcKWNIeXVT0aQvQpXe Segment Number: 55 Extracted Segment:  The year for me. I don't know why I think it's just so dark and there's nothing to look forward to and so I'm really excited to be able to celebrate this kind of stirring of spring and renewal and all of that good stuff. So I decided to stop it in bulk just because that's the next holiday that's coming up and I thought that I would give you guys kind of a background up until this point, especially since I'm starting this new. Journey so I haven't celebrated any other holidays yet and I thought it would be kind of cool to update you guys as I went and kind of give you a little bit of insight on some of what I ended up doing to celebrate and maybe get some feedback on what you guys did if anybody is listening to this and wants to contribute. That'd be awesome. I would appreciate it. But yeah, so I thought that I would just kind of Give you guys a little overview of my book of shadows how I've set it up some tiny over views over the holidays that have happened thus far in the witches year following the wheel of the year. And yeah, I'll keep you guys updated on any cool things that I do for in bulk. Maybe I'll you know, upload a special tarot spread for that time of the year. But yeah.
Topic ID: 35 Episode ID: 20Rxox5JAR894PcIMGpsV9 Segment Number: 54 Extracted Segment:  Ation, I absolutely thought I was so surprised when I paid off my student loans. I was like, oh my gosh, is this real like did I really just finish this and then when I made my final payment to my car like I cried I screamed. I was just like I recorded myself making like clicking submit payment on the on the computer. It was just amazing. Wow. All right. So what advice would you give anybody who's, you know wanting to get in control of their finances but has no idea where to start. The first thing that I would say is like take a deep breath and realize it's okay no matter how much debt you're in it is possible and then take a realistic. Look at what it is that you're spending on your expenses your spending habits and see where can you cut back? Budget is not as restrictive as people perceive the word to be. It's actually telling you where your freely able to spend the money, you know, I still die now and I still go out but I do it on a budget besides that I would put it I would put together a realistic budget and try my best to stick to it. The hardest part of it is the discipline to remain focused and motivated.
Topic ID: 35 Episode ID: 264sqLIIEqFHG58MQCzznd Segment Number: 85 Extracted Segment:  Plug it into this like deck calculator or something. I never heard of that but and then that will help show you like. When do you want to pay this off basically in or when can you pay this off? I think that starts this whole other snowball of then you realize oh if I increase the debt that's going to change the date. Yeah, it would it actually incentivize you to not increase the debt at that point if you can whereas if you just have this massive amount or what feels like a massive amount, where's the incentive? I mean, it's all its as well just throw some more honest. So amount. Yeah of debt. So yeah, I'm a huge fan of we've highly highly prioritized staying out of debt and we celebrated. I think it was this last winter being out of debt for seven years of any type including mortgages and things. Yeah, and that was something that we worked really hard at and we're extremely fortunate. I'm not going to just a tribute to hard work, but I will say it wasn't actually just money there was actually a mindset shift we had where we had to like instead of just getting in more and more debt with the more money. We had we had to say no, we're going to like consider Ground Zero are
Topic ID: 35 Episode ID: 6psxfn4N3rPq9PK5EwCXjP Segment Number: 56 Extracted Segment:  A hundred million when he wrote the book. He was still alive, which is possibly the most stupid sentence I've ever said but you know, I mean, I think he's sadly passed away since but he was saying that all millionaires have some form of debt because it is a very manageable debt and it's all to do with I'm going to say it's all to do with taxes and managing that I'm not a financial advisor will move on but my point being that debt is actually a very normal part. It's how we think about it and it's how we move forward from it. That's really important. So my tip is all about breaking this cycle because that's what you've got to do. You've got to find a way to break the cycle of worry and fear over debt and Loans at all the negative thoughts that come with that. So one way you can do this is by starting to focus on all the things that you've received from that loan that payment that debt that credit card whatever it is, you're basically moving your brain away from the negative thoughts and into the positive ones so it might be Thinking that you know that student loan it actually helped you to go to UNI it helps you to get a degree to get the job you have now or to open more doors and more opportunities even things like meeting friends. Like I am so grateful. I don't know if any of my uni friends listen to this but I am so so grateful for all of the wonderful people. I met at University. I'm still friends with them. We meet up all the time. I'm so close to them. And I'm so so grateful from that. It could even be something like
Topic ID: 35 Episode ID: 5QKE5EW6UWN0Xwb4zH6SBM Segment Number: 85 Extracted Segment:  to our generation. I honestly feel this way because there is such a focus on debt the point where it becomes so concerning individuals are told or bombarded with messages, like don't even breathe until you are 100% debt-free don't like you are sharing. Don't tithe. Don't do anything. You need to get out of debt before you think about even For the future and it's just so concerning. What are your thoughts about it? Because I am not against getting out of debt, but I don't feel individuals, especially when you look at the numbers should ignore their early years of the a life only to focus on paying off that I feel like it's something that needs to be balanced with all other important priorities in your life. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. I think certainly Kind of works to wait, I found both in my experience. I've found people who are hyper focused on paying off debt only and then I found people who just feel like the financial system is broken and they're going to be in debt their entire life so they don't focus on anything. So I think the key word for me and what I try to do myself or at least what I've tried to do as I become more educated the word you said about violence that that is key. So,
Topic ID: 35 Episode ID: 5QKE5EW6UWN0Xwb4zH6SBM Segment Number: 93 Extracted Segment:  And how can you do that without starting to invest you can't cordiality often like to say that you can spend your entire life putting money towards that and sure you can throw your hands up in the air and say I'm dead free, but what does that really mean? Can you quit your job just because you're dead free. Can you stop working? Can you pass on something valuable to the Next Generation? Because you are debt free you cannot so I feel that's a conversation that needs to be had. So that individuals learn to balance these priorities. Yeah. Absolutely. It needs to be a part of a total plan for everyone listening Cody any final words that you want to share with us as you know a farewell message. I hope if anyone listening to that get anything from it. It's what you said a few moments ago in that you have the ability to educate yourself. You have the ability to build wealth just as much as the next person. The only difference is the time and effort you're putting in to understanding how money works and how you can properly manage what you make to maximize your benefits for now and for the future Cool D. Thank you so much for joining us today. Thank you so much.
Topic ID: 36 Episode ID: 6AAZQ40K6ewvwhFLKpE424 Segment Number: 79 Extracted Segment:  do but I've done very well in it and I expect to continue to do well because I believe the space will continue to grow now one question. I forgot to ask about all coins that pertains to the recent Bitcoin pump could part of this but Bitcoin pump I was thinking about this the other day that some altcoin people have just totally thrown in the towel towel, but want to stay in crypto. So they're just cashing in for Bitcoin. Well, I mean, yeah, there's definitely people who are exhausted from all of coins, especially now that it's been a time where old coins haven't done well, But I think the bigger the bigger issue here is it's not specifically the Hoffman line, but it what but it was so important that that that their it showed a level of support where institutional Capital can come in and I think the world is convinced that that Bitcoin is here to stay. So some people are just exhausted from what they're in a lot of old coins have been very scary. And yeah, some people just want to be in but they don't they'd rather have less volatility, which is great. So Bitcoin is the perfect investment. For him. Okay now recently. Some people have been very happy about gold because it went up with $100 or something like that since you know a lot about gold any thoughts on the what thing you could derive from the gold pump and is that there are some people that are fleeing to safety at the same time Bitcoin is pumping. So now is Bitcoin being looked on as a real flight to Safety in terms.
Topic ID: 36 Episode ID: 6y2DKWIPJFg951uoJzXQmg Segment Number: 21 Extracted Segment:  And the ability to provide cryptographic security are all positive elements of existing blockchain systems, but we still have not reached Mass market adoption of blockchain Technology. Some of that is still developing. A problem that we do see with some blockchains and cryptocurrencies are that they are very volatile their values go up and down based off of speculation and they are not scalable. Scalability means the ability to maintain your performance on the blockchain as more users come onto the platform.
Topic ID: 36 Episode ID: 0ps1K1SQGjo2a4WvfvHl6q Segment Number: 130 Extracted Segment:  the story was they were paying like 1500 Bitcoins for the small amount of drugs and were like, oh my gosh 1500 Bitcoins. If only you had saved it, you know. Yeah, he's 59 your Bitcoins today is worth hundreds of thousands of shoulders. I'm sure there's gotta be some in same thing. Like I recently went to a friend's wedding and I'm going to give him one Bitcoin as a wedding gift and then down to old people. Oh my gosh Bobby you gave one Bitcoin to you're crazy. Why did you do that? Like so much money? Yeah, and that brings me to another interesting thing that I've heard talked about in that is the Early adopters of Bitcoin, you know, and it kind of seems like a scenario like okay could really pay off or some people could really get burned. But let's just assume that everything we're talking about. Although there will be bumps in the roads ups and downs. We are going into a future that is going to have Bitcoin as a fundamental component of value exchange currency. Excetera a great What about all these early adopters yourself included me unfortunately not as much as I would like, but you know, we know a lot of people, you know, that that we're in early days of Bitcoin that have acquired a lot of Bitcoin.
Topic ID: 36 Episode ID: 64UC1PFga07mIjlBkO4jxU Segment Number: 46 Extracted Segment:  Power where the renewable supply and demand don't line up, right. So sometimes what you'll have is a lot of Excess power being generated from some sort of Hydro Dam, but there's just not enough places to put that hydropower. And so what you'll see is miners will go strike deals with a hydro plant and they'll say hey look you're going to burn off all this energy. Anyway, I'll pay you a little bit for it less than you'd pay on the open market and now they're paying essentially below Market rates for electricity. And so if you can find these kinds of deals you can actually mine Bitcoin cheaper than you would be able to buy Bitcoin. Open market, of course, it takes a lot of work to do and a lot of capital and a lot of investment up front and there's a lot of risk, but ultimately it's an economic incentive. If you can mine Bitcoin cheaper than the market price then you can make money. Okay. So some people go through a lot of effort and expense just an order to mining get Bitcoin. They think it has potential but how can something be a store of value when there's so much volatility in the price anybody? Who asserts that Bitcoin is a store of value today? I think that's a bit of a stretch. I think it's a potential store value. The volatility is tremendous. And it's very hard to assert that something is a store of value if it's going to have 80% pullbacks and it's going to have 5x run-ups. It's extremely volatile. And so it is a very risky asset class. And so everybody should do their own homework and be very very careful about investing in this asset class only so much that they're willing to lose frankly at this point. It's still very very early in the evolution of this is a potential store value. Now that being said, I think very interestingly the volatility question is always relative to what so relative to the dollar Bitcoin is
Topic ID: 36 Episode ID: 6AAZQ40K6ewvwhFLKpE424 Segment Number: 26 Extracted Segment:  Oh the volatility and just executed proper risk management. There was a time and you know, one of the great things about about Bitcoin is that it has changed my view of the world in general. I know I spent decades like two decades worrying about the collapse of everything the collapse of economies the collapse and I wasn't a doom Peddler as you would say, but I was worried that the dollar was going to collapse and economies are going to collapse and everything is going to collapse but I don't have that that pessimism anymore and a big reason for it is Because in Bitcoin, I think it's going to help transition the world into a better place at the same time. I also have reduced my worrisome my worry - or whatever the word is about the dollar just collapsing anytime soon. So I feel it's okay to have some as an older person some of your your savings in dollars not necessarily weaker currencies, but I also have other I also have a very big leverage position in crypto. So I think I'm in good shape. But if I were younger And I would probably have even more of a percentage in crypto then I do now. Yeah, yes, excellent pound that like button well with with the long-term perspective on these altcoins that you're holding would you what's the how would you cash out? Would you cast out in the Bitcoin with them and I'm not saying just just down the road or cash out into Cash. Well, I think I've always well, I mean, I think it's a balance you always look at what we're the world's anytime but I've always thought of my goal of one day having
Topic ID: 37 Episode ID: 0N8d6hnQlqPjYkTIATxWsJ Segment Number: 17 Extracted Segment:  And hypocritical to just get so tired and think I just can't live like this anymore. And I think probably when I was about do you know, somebody have the straw that breaks breaks the Camelbak camel's back is that the straw that breaks the camel's back so you can keep going and keep going and keep right feeling like shit and feeling depressed me anxious, but you just kind of get used to it you get comfortable in it, and then I went through a really bad breakup and that was like my rock bottom and I was like, okay. Well that's not this is And I can't keep on living like this and then I went on my first Meditation Retreat and the rest as they say is history. I love I love hearing people's stories, right your origin story, right? So, how did you find that first Retreat? I mean did it fall in your lap somehow are you at a friend that said go to a retreat and meditate because that seems for me a little bit confronting of like, oh my God Meditation Retreat that sounds like boring and weird. How did it happen? Anything for my mom's actually a meditation teacher. So it was always around. I mean, we my mom's Indian and we like come from a long line of people who are very in that space in my Granny was a poet and a philosopher and my granddad was really big into spiritual practice with Posse Indians. So from Iran, and my mom always says I need to say Freddie Mercury was a party.
Topic ID: 37 Episode ID: 0e5ND7R6ieMeL9b9yqwLAY Segment Number: 55 Extracted Segment:  Discovered underneath the oceans and this biomass is so incredible. It's like they estimated at sixteen to twenty five point four billion tons, which first of all is a hundreds of times greater than that of all human life and it also has a volume of between 2 and 2.3 billion cubic kilometers, which is twice that of all the planets oceans and I remember reading that and just being completely stunned and and it brought me into a place as you also say in the article kind of just bewilderment and I love to hear you sort of unpack. Like what what how do you what does this open up for you like stories like this? What does that open up for you? I know you said that it has to do with our conception of life and Longevity, but you know what's in that for you because for me it kind of brought me to a place of aw and silence, but I'd love to hear You relate to that.
Topic ID: 37 Episode ID: 4ZUOvIP9fq109Zb3EqDvCS Segment Number: 42 Extracted Segment:  Yeah, I just think it was with the lack of knowledge, which I think it's honestly getting better and and just trust that. Those are the biggest reasons why black people don't do it as much as they should but I think I think in general especially with social media and you know with people like me and you know, you know other people you guys what we're doing is allowing to shed a little bit light of how its operating and slowly the signal is changing every day. Definitely and I want to ask about your book to reason why you're living senseless. So what was the motivation behind behind it? What made you want to write their book? Actually saw actually paid for a consultation with one of my friends was named CEO met EJ and I was just trying to figure out a man. How can I create a product that will I don't have to continuously work at it. Like it's one product people can just go ahead and buy it. And so what happened it was like we had our consultation. He was like, all right.
Topic ID: 37 Episode ID: 6XpvSw2ChxXdKsGtagkbGl Segment Number: 11 Extracted Segment:  And after that it was actually really really relaxing and regenerating and I think all of us especially if you have a passion and a dream and a vision of what you want to do, it sounds easy just take a break but it's difficult. How do you turn off your brain? You have many different ways. You can start with embroidery as a relaxation. No, it's a great way. I mean many people have many different ways of relaxing, but it could be also Going to a new place, you know, it's that's been proven. I can't tell you any sources because it's been a while. I've been reading about this that it's important to look at something new in your life such as going to a new country or maybe just go to a new Village around you or neighborhood or whatever and it creates some things in your brains that makes you think of something else and maybe inspire you for something new. So I think that could be already a first just take a dare go somewhere new Next by and and see new things and then it's a relaxation by itself because you are just taking in what you have around you instead of like mixing again and what you have inside of you. Yeah, you're right. You're absolutely right and and embroider is for sure a relaxing activity like I mean even our at the tagline on our
Topic ID: 37 Episode ID: 1Bjtu0d6EYqBEDMRylmlwv Segment Number: 29 Extracted Segment:  Like well, here's our thoughts on monetary policy and why Bitcoin not only fits that but exemplifies that and you know shared a couple of articles on that. I just went through I just laid out what we had not necessarily in publication order but in a logical order of here's the story from A to Z from zero to a hundred trillion USD how how Bitcoin takes over and why we believe that to be the case. And so it's sort of it sort of just happened unexpectedly and I thought that it was a nice way to view the the bog and kind of walk people through these articles because it is kind of this giant mess when you just kind of scroll down the the publication. So this is a way to walk people through that story and give it more of a logical structure fantastic. I love it and look I think many of my listeners you would really do well. Well to read through the crash course articles. I know so many of them are actually written in 2013 and 14, but they are it's like a very Timeless series of Articles. Let's talk about a few of them. So let's start with End the Fed hold Bitcoins by Pierre Richard right now in this article. There's a few comments around the futility of the traditional political libertarian approach of trying to audit the fed and you know, trying to push gold and silver adoption and in this article appears really making that point that
Topic ID: 38 Episode ID: 4JSgXkOqhBbe4EbCJvhBHc Segment Number: 26 Extracted Segment:  Kle engineering classes and even now, you know, it's not just about stem Fields. It's also in business, you know incorporate in general manufacturing. I think we're always, you know minority and I think now even in meeting sometimes, you know, how time one out of two in a meeting of you know, 20 or you know, just just generally always the minority. So I think it's just learning to to know that you have a spot. In that meeting and know that you have a voice and I think you know companies are shifting to do a lot of diversity and inclusion, which has definitely helped a lot and I think we have some ways to go but I think we're definitely going in the right direction. So what do you think that you're doing? And what other people can do to kind of help make that better? yeah, I think it really goes from individual person to individual person right, but I think when if
Topic ID: 38 Episode ID: 632GgLICRAhoHL6BybypRy Segment Number: 36 Extracted Segment:  The koreas app sounds very promising and extremely useful but our local employers ready to hire new arrivals. That's the hardest part to to get employers to give people of international background a goal. You know, we go and Pitch to some large employers and particularly employers who are pro towards increasing their diversity. So we speak to them so as part of our partnership model we have brought in quite a few employees. The second one is through basically just Word of Mouth. Like I've got three people in the sales team. They literally go out and talk to people generally on Thursdays and Fridays. They would be in Parramatta. Sorry Hills all those dents employer areas and they would be talking to people and then the third one is sometimes we run Target ads on Facebook. We haven't had such a great.
Topic ID: 38 Episode ID: 4pQs0Zxyy3K5J8aKV3cPx3 Segment Number: 41 Extracted Segment:  To be able to grow and for marketers as well to be able to join younger cooler companies. And what would your advice be to somebody who's considering a permanent position or a flexible contract? Well, I would definitely embrace it again depends on what steps they are in their career, you know for the reason that it gives you an opportunity to understand, you know, if this is the right direction you want to go to go in it also gives you an opportunity to experience a different sector, you know, and I think early on in your career that's really important because it's you know, getting that breadth of experience really will stand you in later on in life because you you know, you learn so much from the various different types of companies and sizes of companies. Makes you know, so like I said my early career I also have worked for a very small company and you know, I got a lot more experience because it's very small team and you were very quickly exposed to a lot of people so I do think having that ability to you know to have that variety will help you with I don't need out you know, so I do think again, it depends on the circumstances because it is hard. You know, this was the one consideration is if you're going for a mortgage you need a permanent and I do think at that stage, you know, if people are
Topic ID: 38 Episode ID: 1jRXwCrvXoaymqgDhCUqmc Segment Number: 23 Extracted Segment:  Rent rented Netflix, please. Tell your friends to it's about a man played by Tom Hanks who's fired from his Law Firm because he has AIDS he wants to sue the firm but no one's willing to represent him until the homophobic ambulance Chaser lawyer played by yours truly takes on the case in a way. If you watch the movie, you'll see everything I'm talking about today. You'll see what I mean about taking risk or being willing to fail because taking risk is not just about Going for a job. It's also about knowing what you know and what you don't know. It's about being open to people and to ideas. In the course of the film the character I play begins to take small steps small risks. He's very very very slowly begins to overcome his fears.
Topic ID: 38 Episode ID: 33GKVnvJLMN7NnVcBnZZ2K Segment Number: 59 Extracted Segment:  Just I had this thought in the bath of the day, but like yeah, they're rooted in scripture. They rooted in what Jesus you love about. I do love a bath Doula some good thinking about so I'd like to just, you know coming towards the end, but I'd love to talk about little bit about some of the systems that these pyramids need so that if you have a pyramid where you have the CEO at the top and you have to create systems of governance and Authority to make sure that things get done the way that the CEO wants them done myself crude example, but we've all been part of organizations or working environments where that's been the case one of the things that I'm challenged to do a friend of mine challenge me with the thought that and obviously we need to respectfully challenge structures that keep Ministry opportunity from people and we need to create new systems that help people access. Because I do love a system like I have a sister for go to the gym. I have a system for my calorie intake and they're good as long as their life giving and as long as they're adding value and as soon as they're not then we ought to be like instantly looking for better systems to carry their life and he reminded me and I'd love to get your thoughts on this. He he reminded me that the body itself like our physical bodies have 11.
Topic ID: 39 Episode ID: 0gWObCGEkb5mLXFOEgsKqc Segment Number: 28 Extracted Segment:  Before you take somebody on to help you with your social media. It's just one example, but get that it's I always think it's like you wouldn't get in a car without having a map or knowing where you're going. So it's just get that strategy right invest in that and then you'll be off and flying and it will make such a difference to your income and your business. Yeah, and I agree. Like I think marketing is probably the biggest area that people struggle with that and mindset but they don't realize the mindset is actually impacting them the way it is, but with marketing I Whenever I put surveys out and ask people what's the number one thing they want to help with it's always marketing and getting themselves out there. So given this is your area of expertise. What would you say or what are your top tips for people looking for help with marketing their businesses? Yeah. So I guess first of all is just think about your overall business goals. First of all, so don't just jump in and think I've got a spread myself really thin and be on every social media platform and that's going to grow. My business think about what your tangible goals are that you want to achieve with your business. Then you can translate those goals into an overarching marketing strategy. So maybe you don't even need to be on some of these social media channels. I would say you definitely don't if you're just starting out just pick one or two and commit to those have you thought about email marketing. Have you thought about traditional forms of marketing networking all that kind of stuff that's really important to look at the strategy before you invest any time and
Topic ID: 39 Episode ID: 1C3mjLUdmmWLDABBJ8FzE3 Segment Number: 16 Extracted Segment:  I know we're doing a show here, but I'd love to get your thoughts maybe after maybe right now, who knows? I think we're living through a very interesting moment. I believe that the telephone is becoming the television and the television is becoming the radio and I've been spending a lot of time studying the transition in the late 50s from Radio to television because this is the first time we've had a platform shift in our society in a half a century and I think it's a very big deal and I've been spending an enormous amount of time last five years trying to be the best Storyteller for that platform. Next utilizing the digital world for your entrepreneurial benefit how social media can transform your business they with us? We're back with the incredible Gary vaynerchuk. So did you wish name? You know, what's funny? I know it always confuses people people don't think it but I am look askgaryvee is out now on enterpreneur entrepreneurs take on leadership social media and self-awareness. Okay, how do we use social media to help our business when think we first understand that social media is a slang term for the current state of the internet and when you position so
Topic ID: 39 Episode ID: 038F0uu8ILdoehCYYm7klf Segment Number: 3 Extracted Segment:  Me like feel like I'm Giving Up You're Gonna feel like you're gonna see everything you're gonna feel that all the gritty details going to figure out everything because I'm going to be posting a podcast every single day and you guys will figure out what's happening each day, and I'm so excited you guys take us on all my whole journey. So today's episode. I want to talk about a backstory about who I am black. I want you guys to figure out who I am and why am I doing this? Why am I start in Mountain State? Social media marketing is why do I feel like doing this going to be talking about every single thing? I want to First go interested in the world of social media marketing. So before I talk about all of that, I want to go back to Do you when I was young like CS6 and that was when I first got introduced to the business world. So in es6 it was like I'll never forget conversely 18 years old and I've never forgotten this week that it was parked in here 6, so it was in year six of this week called Jubilee week and we were kind of like celebrating something about the pain. I think she had Mouse then it may be used to 50 years or something, honey.
Topic ID: 39 Episode ID: 2h3N5NSiKTn5gQRCySLYTh Segment Number: 22 Extracted Segment:  Speaking to you because we don't know who you're speaking to. You're gonna have a hard time finding guests that are going to provide value to that person that you're speaking to you because you don't know that person needs so you really need to in any time that I'm talking to someone who's trying to start a podcast like the first thing you got a lockdown. He's like, who are you talking to and what value are you providing? Because all of the decisions that you make are going to be based on the answers to those two questions. Okay, if you don't know who you're talking to and you don't know how you're providing value to them. You're really just shooting in the dark like you don't know. What you need to be doing because you don't know what your goals are. So you need to establish those goals and really know who am I talking to how am I providing value to them now? Do you have that framework you can go in and see okay who are the people that have information that would benefit the people that I am trying to serve who are the people that have done the things that I am trying to help other people do if I'm trying to start a podcast teaching people how to be better social media marketers. Will then I better go out there and find some effective social media marketers that are doing really cool things in the social media marketing space like that's Seems pretty simple, but a lot of people don't think about that. They're just like well who has the most followers like who can I go to that as a million followers and it's gonna be in my podcast like that's not which one of you doing? Okay. Yeah, I can tell you from experience that a lot of times the people with less followers, but the followers that are dedicated to them and really care about them. Those are the people that you really want to connect with. Okay, because their audience is actually care about them. There are people with millions of followers and their followers don't care about them. They don't care what they're doing. They don't care what they're saying. They don't care about them. They're just following them because
Topic ID: 39 Episode ID: 0ZwMaNDixROvFctWisd7cf Segment Number: 94 Extracted Segment:  It's a commitment. It's a commitment you're not having a girlfriend right now because you have this commitment for bold. What can we expect in both digital and Yuri? Okay. So if you live in Bangkok, you can expect to hopefully see me around because this year I would like to Branch out into speaking a little bit more. I would like to share some here some marketing knowledge at the moment. We're setting up a marketing block. We're going to talk about how to solve some various business. But digital marketing, for example how to sell yourself how to sell your services online how to get leads and a few other topics. So we're gonna touch on that in the blog at first and then I want to repurpose the content for some speaking engagements. Wow, it's one that's amazing yet. You're going to help a lot of people to be on the right path to choose because there's a lot of branches of digital marketing. So at least you could help them focus on. Oh, yeah. This is what you're good. Dat, so is that what you're doing? Like you're going to pinpoint to them and help them find their Niche or is actually this is for businesses where in B2B business, so it's going to be for business owners. It's for business owner knows that's amazing. So wonderfully let Freelancers you can consider yourself as a small business so it can it can benefit to you as well. We'll talk about that later. And what are the perks of your lifestyle that you enjoy now something actually haven't really realized for the last
Topic ID: 40 Episode ID: 0QAhZv5uG1mLOTu2mqCBv0 Segment Number: 109 Extracted Segment:  Now my own time so I can catch up but so my first love is really diseases and disease transmission and looking at environmental risks. And so right now I've been doing a lot of work on European fall brood and the bacterial diseases. So even though I talked about, you know varroa being this National Emergency European fall brood and the bacterial diseases are also just a huge problem Nationwide and so on. Looking at the risk factors for what causes those diseases and what allows them to clear up faster or what inputs beekeepers can take and the nice thing about working kind of within a disease system is it does still allow for some basic research? So understanding the disease's themselves and virulence factors and things like that, but it's always through this lens of being highly applicable and dealing with what no beekeepers are actually working with and what tools they functionally have available to them.
Topic ID: 40 Episode ID: 0QAhZv5uG1mLOTu2mqCBv0 Segment Number: 69 Extracted Segment:  Do here at the University of Florida hubby research and extension laboratory. I'll discuss the other two briefly, you know, the the second one of course is honey. Bee ecology and conservation and ecology is simply the interaction between living species and one another or their environment. So we essentially have done work in the past looking at honeybee interactions with some of their pests and pathogens not from an apply perspective, but from a more basic perspective. We've also done some work on wild true. Uli Wild Honey Bee populations, we've done a lot of molecular ecology where we're looking at molecular identifiers of some of the honey bee species and some of the honey bee subspecies. I have a long-term goal here at the lab of developing and feeding a honey bee conservation program where we're looking at the conservation of honey bees where they are native around the globe because you know, there's still a lot of diversity in these wild populations and I think that the preservation of the species is So this honey bee ecology and conservation branch of our research efforts here looks kind of into that our third category of course is integrated crop pollination where we're looking at the contributions of honeybees. We've done some work with other bees as well looking at their contributions to the pollinated crops that we have here, but also collaborating with Scientists around the u.s. So, you know, we've got a lot of varied research projects here at any given time. We have 30 to 40 research projects, you know, we're publishing usually over 10 refereed manuscripts a year.
Topic ID: 40 Episode ID: 0QAhZv5uG1mLOTu2mqCBv0 Segment Number: 53 Extracted Segment:  lot of calls every week about beekeepers complaining about different things and different challenges they have So I think I think this is an important thing to think about right? So your you do honey bee husbandry research. So broadly under that category anything that deals with beekeeping is that right? So nutrition disease and Pest Control, you know, that includes verbal has small hive beetle viruses Etc honey. Bee stock Improvement. The impacts of pesticides on bees anything that essentially improves be health or effects be Health Management research Etc. All of this falls under the husbandry category, right, correct, correct all Those challenges and since it's applied research. I love exactly what you said, you know the folks listening think probably that we just cook these research ideas up kind of willy-nilly but in the applied research fill, the purpose of Applied research is actually to do research that has application for a clientele group. So if you're doing research to help beekeepers, it's got to be stuff that in some way has a trickle-down effect and actually helps beekeepers. So how do we get ideas about what to
Topic ID: 40 Episode ID: 4IYaYCuA29Pg9wFNi1wPVS Segment Number: 71 Extracted Segment:  This then to me warrant some consideration. Why would Tyler choose to represent himself as be? Well, there's a somewhat obvious connection to flowers bees and flowers have a reciprocal relationship bees need flowers for nectar and flowers need bees for pollen and Seed but let's also consider for a moment the public reputation of the be imagine the buzzing of a be as a here When approaching imagine it now swarming around your face hovering around your ear landing on your arm. For most of us. This is a somewhat nerve-wracking experience. Of course, that's because bees can inflict in us a considerable amount of pain bees can sting us. And so there's a kind of dualism and hair in the reputation of the be on one hand be spend most of their time searching for flowers and other crops from which they can extract nectar simultaneously transferring pollinated seeds helping these flowers and crops procreate. We literally depend on them for our Survival on the other hand bees are feared when in the presence Of humid because of the unlikely chance that they sting us. We should note that bees only sting when they feel threatened and so the bee sting is primarily a defense mechanism. It's hard to think of a better symbolic representation for Tyler the Creator than the be since his arrival as a Teenage provocateur in the late 2000 Tyler's reputation for outlandish behavior and controversial lyrics often overshadowed his music some even viewed him as a legitimate threat. I got so bad that he was banned from entering the
Topic ID: 40 Episode ID: 0QAhZv5uG1mLOTu2mqCBv0 Segment Number: 128 Extracted Segment:  That's just the way we do it. Anyway, I did that became an entomologist. I won't say that I love entomological Sciences, but I will say insects now do fascinate me and these of course just rock rock my world. So that's a brief overview of how I became an entomologist. So what was your major before it was biology as an undergrad? I was pre-med. Okay Priya, in fact, you know, I'll tell you why I was pretty mad when I grew up in a rural area and I loved science, but I thought medicine was the Pinnacle of so I just assume everybody likes science had to go off and be a medical doctor, but that clearly doctor. Did you want to be a started wanting to be a vet? And then I wanted to be just a human doctor but discovered I didn't like humans and so I decided I was going to work with bees and so of course with bees get mad at you the worst they can do is thing you would you guys get mad at you they can do lots lots were sure now on that note, you know talking about stinging that kind of leads me to the next question that we have. It's about smokers. So Who smoke I mean, yes, maybe so people are wondering, you know, what are the best ingredients to put into a smoker to calm them down calm who down the bees on the be? All right. I just want to need some clarity here. All right, so I use pine straw. That's because that's a lot of what's available here. I've also used cut grass. I'm talking about the girl.
Topic ID: 41 Episode ID: 6BM0QxiH8CIhITr7NgKBLB Segment Number: 31 Extracted Segment:  I need to hear from somebody else like another person of color who knows more about the history. Actually, could we would it be possible for us to find a black musician who maybe knows this history and has a different response to it after the break Ginger. I talks with a black musician who has played Dixie Justin Robinson. This episode of uncivil is brought to you by why we eat what we eat a podcast from Blue Apron and gimlet creative the show explores the Unseen forces that drive you to decide what you eat. This week's episode is about climate change and how it'll affect the foods available to us 30 years from now. You guys have jelly fish by any chance know? Okay, not something you've ever carried, huh? All right ginger be a reason jellyfish. No, no insects sea urchins not Potentially that you eat when you eat insects the way sort of windshields collect that publicly yeah. Okay find out why jelly fish and insects might be the food of the future on the next why we eat what we eat you can find the show on Apple podcasts or go to why we eat dot show brought to you by Blue Apron and gimlet creative.
Topic ID: 41 Episode ID: 6Y59ofDlvbWm3xmof4LB25 Segment Number: 4 Extracted Segment:  And just a bit of a disclaimer. If you are suffering from an eating disorder, you're underweight and you need to gain weight or you're suffering from some form of disordered eating. This is not the video for you. And unfortunately, I am not the coach for you. However, I can refer you to those who can help you and dieticians who specialize in plant-based nutrition. This video is for people who want to lose excess weight or are looking to maintain their weight on the eat as much as you want plant-based lifestyle, but they're having some troubles and we're going to figure it out in this video reason number one just because it's vegan doesn't mean Healthy Oreos Coke and Twizzlers are all vegan vegan just means the absence of animal products. And this is why I Market my program as a Whole Foods plant based lifestyle program that focuses on starches vegetables fruits legumes and nuts and seeds. It's about eating foods that will promote Health as opposed to foods that just don't have certain things in them when it comes to weight loss and weight maintenance. We want to eat food that's from a plant not from a processing plant and people might say well, isn't this Better than animal products and it absolutely is these foods are better than animal products. They're free from the hormones the saturated fat the cholesterol and the cruelty but what they're not free from is the oils and that added salt in the preservatives and the sodium and all the additives that make these foods not ideal for weight loss out of curiosity. I pulled up the daiya mozzarella shreds just to see what the nutrition facts were in 1 cup has over 24 grams of fat and over 1,000 grams of sodium. So like I said when I come
Topic ID: 41 Episode ID: 4JgJ4IjahKhOkIiZQMBvDH Segment Number: 100 Extracted Segment:  this is this contains eggs, which is a weird thing too because I can have eggs if they're like baked for long enough for cooked, but I can't have like a bacon egg and cheese which is the reason why I live but anyway, like a parent like non-gm all that shit. I don't know if you heard anybody talk about non GMO and if anybody knows that is that's a genetically modified I think organism and what that is is so farmers these huge Farmers when they make their when they grow their crops, they apparently scientists have altered the genes. Of plants that will be they won't be affected by pesticides or they won't get killed by light when you use like Roundup or something to kill weeds to like distract so they can grow more crops, but it's not natural. So that's I probably just butchered that I'm sorry. You could Google GMO or to fuck but that's basically like this.
Topic ID: 41 Episode ID: 0cmjKhAsZLEvzOrhTlwx3D Segment Number: 24 Extracted Segment:  And it is definitely getting easier to be a vegan living in France. The supermarket's now have vegan sections, which only three years ago would never have dreamed of you can get big and Magnums in the supermarket. It's incredible. So you said you've been in touch with the kind of vegan community and Mongolia before you've gone there. Do you do preparations before you travel somewhere to reach out to other big? Egan's so and if you do what is your kind of general advice to vegans traveling to destinations? That might be less likely to be vegan friendly. Yeah. So I do do some preparation and some research beforehand and the extent of research that I do does vary according to you know, how widespread I think vegan food is going to be so in some cases it might start and end with a search on Happy Cow, and for anyone who's not familiar. You're with Abigail. You need to download the app right now because that is going to be your number one friends when you're traveling as a vegan and even when you're eating out in your hometown. I mean, that's usually how I found out about new vegans and vegetarians restaurants that have opened up in the city where I live is by seeing them pop up on Happy Cow, so happy cow is a crowdsourced worldwide directory of vegan restaurants vegetarian restaurants and just restaurants with vegan options.
Topic ID: 41 Episode ID: 6MBHqzUA45bwvb49gFyEqf Segment Number: 53 Extracted Segment:  There and so and the pasta but I think you've hit on some really good points of why that might be is because they just they're probably not hybridizing as much as we have an art agriculture for the same, you know, they have different ways of doing that and probably just not using our same aggressive techniques in our Agriculture. And then also they're not using round up, right? I mean, that could be a big piece of it. Yeah, it depends. I don't I don't think it's definitely not used as widely there as it is in the u.s. I don't know exactly what the what the rules are about. What's band. I know a lot of GMOs aren't allowed so, you know things like corn which would be heavily sprayed with glyphosate. Yeah. I don't know about the treatment of wheat, but I do know that they run a little bit tighter of a ship over there in terms of what they allow the public really exposed to. Yeah, you know, I've I've heard that a lot. I haven't personally experienced the ability to travel overseas and eat things that I couldn't normally eat at home. But I think there's a lot of factors that play So one could definitely be food quality lack of certain chemicals that are sprayed on there. Another one is definitely stressed though because you know, when you're on vacation, you're not as stressed and stress does increase gut permeability and kind of reduce your resistance to environmental assaults, which may come from food or from
Topic ID: 42 Episode ID: 5e6K15eplGPOKfLj8gy3cl Segment Number: 69 Extracted Segment:  Great because like usually festivals are so middle. So like white middle class. I went to Glastonbury and for like the oldest Festival in the UK. It's like so like not on either arm is the ticket personal Brands and twenty hundred thirty quid that but that was like why appreciably chief that was right, but you're right at the end and yeah, so that was just like really really great. I would really highly recommend it to anyone who likes festivals. Really? Yeah. Yeah. It's really feel like I've kind of play more Nothing a festival this summer massively example, even like a big holiday either. So yeah, I'm jealous of the festival's I don't see why didn't did it. I was going to say you just reminded me of something by saying it was such a diverse Festival, but obviously Carnival was yesterday and for different Joe you went did you I don't know if you could classes going what I did I was there but I wasn't really present. Yeah, but like this year none of us really went but it is the the chat around Carnival that you see about like It's just an excuse for so many people to come out and talk about it as being this big huge crime event horrible all this drama from a certain section of society who like to look at it as like a black event and in their minds, but Katie Hopkins buzzes. Yeah exactly. Katie Hopkins in her mind load of black people together having fun. It's just crime. Yeah, but then certainly can't be allowed us for sure. Yeah, exactly. But then on the other side you've got creamfields which was really white and people would like fans.
Topic ID: 42 Episode ID: 0qnbqipv1MawXHSIUD9nFk Segment Number: 120 Extracted Segment:  See you last night Alana was the land of the last two seasons on a different part of different team. Would you want us to sign we haven't seen come on fellas. We're all okay, these last two seasons of lalana that he's been nothing that he's beating me. I agree. So would you want Asylum same with the ox? Oh, anyway, I don't understand differentiating between the auction. I think the different positions as well. If the site of the chat now was the land is going to be plain deeper. I don't want to show you on a deeper like I'm excited by over for be no. No. No, so Beyonce for being on a witness over wine album from time to time. Not not not having it me not having it and the one who is not about we'd find out. Squad better receiving the ball and half team which is really important in that the parole because you can receive officers found two ten. And then you know what? I'm not looking at the whole game ahead of them. They shouldn't I'm not knocking. I'm not knocking the land of talent. That's not what I'm not gonna know. He's a talented player and I know he's goes on the ball and he can take the ball and they are $10 if he wants if Club wants to bring him in as the number six. He needs to be good defensively first and foremost. When are we going to have 2 players that we can argue?
Topic ID: 42 Episode ID: 10FacfpEjqMYBMhNKrzWVB Segment Number: 111 Extracted Segment:  - I don't care about my wife. Yeah care about my business when I'm protecting idea to focus on something to protect and to me, okay, he might have wanted it but that method of looming it so Layton between him and the club as I said to the Cook themselves single stupidest thing I've ever say it's a bit silly because you will allow the media to conjure up a shitstorm. Yeah. Not only that. Our fan base is so fickle that they will think they're helping and make the situation worse. Yeah, like literally what count and fans were doing was The forest fires in Queensland, they were fucking say I'll tell you what we'll go to a salsa and use patch also got the firearm, but that would be the gave the negative media more ammunition. Where is the club and come out and confronted? It early made it celebration because we haven't even announced in the fan came to Saucier. Yeah, and that's a highlight video package or something, you know, or even a video from sauce. I mean, maybe he won't get one because he's feeling a little jaded. I don't know but nobody even a video from Mark. Yeah. It's not evolved into same up. Sauce has done a really wonderful job. These girls are less Teague talking about these young boys. Yeah. Yeah. We don't really get we got highlights. We got like a little snippet of the interviews from a draft like people remember myself only Legacy video. Yeah, something like that. We've all the players coming in. Yeah, that is brought in like three times. Well, the draftees came in I thought it was a little interesting and maybe they're working on something behind the scenes and I'm just being impatient but
Topic ID: 42 Episode ID: 0RpxbcOOUiRyn8LFDz5uY9 Segment Number: 0 Extracted Segment:  Monday at sight am this has been five star potential. I wish you and Film Production, and we'll see you all next week say goodbye folks, Cheerio. Goodbye.Hello and welcome to episode number 81 of five star potential a weekly Football manager podcast brought to you by weak stream FM as you can probably tell nerd phonic is not here today still looking for his twitch sign in details. I think after announces save last week. It was meant to start on Monday and it's been nowhere to be seen since its days as a party. Anyway your host and alongside me today. I've got Kurt EFM Chris. How's it going? Very well. How are you? Yeah good for Cuban. Good. Thank you deep. All right duck, orListen to a random podcast every day and I teach at that intro. So I just thought you know, I stuck I said do not teach doc. How's it going? Not bad good to see you back in the seat Dave. We all loved him like that. Look at the big smile on his face. Hey popular demand, you know just saying and to run us off Friday night if MJ has again, hashtag unpopular opinion those bear. Oh, I prefer not to speak save it. Well today we're
Topic ID: 42 Episode ID: 5Kotvuir1G6C4qUBuSUzkz Segment Number: 40 Extracted Segment:  Out to us and said you guys want to do it we rely on and they were like this will give you guys a chance to put your your own word out there. If you know why you do what you do how you travel with Doug? So we did that show first and then we were going to renew it and they reach out to me for another show called basketball while it was basketball something. I don't know what it was. It wasn't Basketball Wives and Dick Clark Productions was doing it. They flew me in Jimmy Jackson's wife a bunch of different people Doug's back was hurting at the time he had and he was stayed in the limo, so I went into the big meeting. They loved it. It was turned up in the meeting. We were going to do that show and then three weeks before we was just start feeling they decided they weren't going to do it. I don't know what happened with that group. So then I got a call from the VH1 group that said we're doing a show. Are you familiar with Miami? I said, no. I haven't watched that show I heard of it but I hadn't watched Shawnee and Mi, you know and they were like what we're going to do a spin off of it and we need you to lead it if you would and I say, well, I don't know how many you know, neighbors like is five women. And so I talked to Doug and It might be kind of fun. Actually, you know since it's other women, they're not going to focus just on me and the rest is history. I dated and girl I know we we don't get into season 8 dress again. So I guess when you did it in your mind, did you ever think that you would be on it? This long? No, when I did it the first season I was thinking oh, what did I sign up for? We was in Hawaii and women turned against me. I said, oh Lord. I will meet you back in LA and we going to handle this and then I remember going to
Topic ID: 43 Episode ID: 5J7PnnCVfvNdcOKuJos8zI Segment Number: 36 Extracted Segment:  To give in to the demands of of the Hong Kong protesters and allow Hong Kong to be self in Lao Hong Kong to self-rule or there's just going to be massive protests and there's for who knows how long into the future until there is a bigger bigger wider conflict. So sure enough the developments over the last few weeks have been incredibly. Addicting to watch because as Beijing has been or as Hong Kong and Beijing have been bred been closing in on their their grip of the Hong Kong people and the protest the protests have been getting bigger and we're out of control in some ways and one of the bigger developments over the last week or so was the the Hong Kong police. We're trying to storm a university that Hong Kong Polytechnic University and when they tried to storm it there was a fierce resistance. So people inside the university were they ended up barricading themselves into the school and to the university and fighting back with like petroleum bombs and arrows and Molotov cocktails. It was extremely interesting to watch and these people are fighting for
Topic ID: 43 Episode ID: 7JNNJjz1pywBZ3h4Owuc6e Segment Number: 37 Extracted Segment:  Talking about universities talking about students what has happened in Jamia and aligarh Muslim University firstly. This is something unbelievable unexpected unexpected it began with jnu where because of the price hikes and protest against it students were beaten up and now when students are coming out and peacefully proper piece fully I'm saying protesting against the government bill citizenship Amendment bill. The government is ordering the police to have to follow Lottie charge on these students to to open firing to get into their hostels beat women beat female means regardless of whoever whatever.
Topic ID: 43 Episode ID: 6sv1eCP0LtsaRTscDUClFI Segment Number: 101 Extracted Segment:  teamwork communication skills, you know that whole ethos of no one gets left behind. Yeah, and and you know at the point at which they were they were coming to me, it's almost that there are a lost cause yeah, and that's not true. We just need to find a way of getting in. Yeah, of course and obviously they I was like great challenges going to all different schools. And that what would you say working with schools in particular with is the greatest challenge working with people of that age? It is getting them. It is sort of getting them to to leave the perception behind that everyone's forgot about them. And why should I bother because everyone's given up on me and you know in the area's I'm working, you know, there's areas of high unemployment people see that there's no hope that they're stuck in a rut that they're you know that they'll have to accept
Topic ID: 43 Episode ID: 0X1iaUVLeqVnQKGaRlBBbl Segment Number: 9 Extracted Segment:  Described as kind of being like going to Hogwarts in the last book are your the first year? You're a first year student in the last book and you're like what the hell is going on? So I had to trial by fire and yeah, so involved in student activism their career activism a lot of work on sexual assault policies and supporting survivors of sexual assault and then over in Edinborough. I came for my masters and then took a two-year interlude working at the Students Association and then obviously, I've been working with student leaders doing activism. So for me I mean activism is just seeking political and social change and then student activism are just students doing that. But I think there's something about that. I find really great about student activism because it tends to be people from obviously not every Walk of Life, but various walks of life different countries different kind of experiences coming together and being, you know, unattached maybe to your family for a while or just out of your normal element. You got a chance to kind of question things that maybe you hadn't questioned before and you learn from each other. You realize that you maybe have more power than you thought or you can use more of that power. So I think student at this activism is kind of like it's a culture. Yeah science where you can grow like different kind of ideas. Yeah. And so I think it's a great Locus for some of the a lot of the stuff. You see change 30 years down the road, you know, people are talking about universities colleges and students, you know right before then. So do you think that I'm like in student spaces went in student actors faces specifically
Topic ID: 43 Episode ID: 4PGMsJzRYxK0xaU8D5mIOD Segment Number: 125 Extracted Segment:  You get a very outwardly homophobic and there's not a lot of visible queer culture in Korea. And so it was just really cool to be with these people who some of them are full. Some of them were mixed like me some of them were first gen second. Gen. It was just a great cool group of people who were kind of reclaiming their the Korean identity. Yeah, so that was really it was awesome. Yeah, that's so cool. I've had a similar experience when I went to NYU because I grew up in the bay so very much surrounded by Asian people, but I felt a culture shock being in New York because I I felt like I was always part of the mainstream in my school like there were so many Asian people. I didn't feel like we had to separate and in New York at NYU there were people who came from small towns who flocked to the Asian student unions and then me not being a part of them. I felt like I was like in this weird Middle Ground, so then I started missing like Asian culture and being around it. So then I also did that I like saw out to the point where I almost felt like I was like sort of fetishizing my own culture where it's like, Chinese group and they're way more Chinese than me and then I'd like really jump in to be like, I'm Chinese. Hey guys, but I didn't feel like I really was as much as they were. Yeah, I mean, I feel like hmm. Excuse me in the in the Korean group. They're also with some pain because it did wake up that because there was this unfortunately there was this unspoken hierarchy of like people who are first gen and speak Korean fluently who so the more access you have to the culture. I felt like the more they like had a stake in the
Topic ID: 44 Episode ID: 1Sip0NxiAiGWcbelTs7Phx Segment Number: 0 Extracted Segment:  bait on BuddiesThank you for joining me for the inaugural episode of bait USA with Troy Bates. I'm your host Jory Bates. This episode includes our holiday special bait time story the Christmas Shack by Mark Wolfe the entirety of which can be found on Nifty dot-org. You can find the link in the episode description listeners may be wondering what exactly is this podcast going to be about and you may have correctly surmised from all the bait references that it has something toDo with masturbation specifically my masturbation how I do it what I like to do it too and how over time those two things have changed perhaps a peek at my bait practices will give you insight and Clarity and to what makes you tick or maybe you'll just use this time to enjoy baiting with a buddy. There's no expectations nor wrong way to listen to this podcast. So take a load off big buddies and enjoy the episode.
Topic ID: 44 Episode ID: 7G5w8FngJGTMHmGqiuMumf Segment Number: 65 Extracted Segment:  Hines and we want to hear from you. That's right. You can email us at screw it Spidey at gmail.com. You can tweet at us at screw it Comics. We also have an Instagram account where we post images from the comics that we talked about and that's screw it comics on Instagram. That's three different ways to connect with us. Tell us your thoughts about the issues were talking about or the format of the show or our life choices that have led us to this point reach out and tell us anything honestly and we might talk about it. Future episode of this podcast. Thanks for listening to screw it. We're just going to talk about comics from campfire media. All right part to the Hulk strikes. Yes, it starts with the Hulk sort of crouched behind a boulder Walt the Army searches for something. I guess they know about the Hulk go cuz he wrecked the Jeep so searching for the guy who like attack that Jeep full of men which would be terrifying. I guess I'm on their side. They're not the middle of the desert. Who is this guy or this creature? We have a the caption on page seven like a silent Dreadnought the hulking thing that was once Bruce Banner crouches in the shadows as the pursuing troops rushed by I mean,
Topic ID: 44 Episode ID: 69meUC6FEEbOtIsXrU2DKC Segment Number: 32 Extracted Segment:  just because I really think we need to have some new blood in place across the state. Next question Jake. I really enjoy the podcast and I'm wondering is there a current podcast that influenced yours and how you present it? Thank you very much for this question. I really took my format in presentation from I don't know if any of you listen to it and I really hope you do because he just covers a little bit of everybody The Joe Rogan Experience. He's a famous comedian actor dude Fear Factor. I really borrowed. A lot of the way, he presents the show and tried to translate it over to this one because he really genuinely values a natural conversation with all of his guests. And I really wanted to translate a lot of the conversations you all listening have had with me and others between or during or after softball games or whatever we decide to talk about and I just really wanted to capture that genuineness and anyone who's actually been on the show yet and I'm looking.
Topic ID: 44 Episode ID: 18Y5VMZ3g3olSbC3Ft1FA7 Segment Number: 0 Extracted Segment:  Pull up a chair.You're listening to the Laugh Factory podcast Network for more shows visit the podcast page at Laugh Factory.com. It's the act the left after that welcome to the after lap after lap after lap after lap going full of a chair. Hey everyone its Builders and welcome to the after laughs. I'm here with my friend Trisha Paytas. How are you? Treasure high? Are we friends? You know, what's so funny? I always ask people that in the beginning I got we're friends, right?
Topic ID: 44 Episode ID: 394PqCOFAcLE7ZPUNIkTQm Segment Number: 100 Extracted Segment:  And then Dad like I was running out here at 3 a.m. And I saw a creepy old lady another creepy old lady somewhere like yeah, you know, I saw some creepy old dude here at three am running around. Yeah. I don't know why he keeps running over here. There isn't a good Harbour in the bush would be smart robbers always killing people over here. Yeah. There's an easy way to say this. Okay. I said my dad life, but hero, I'm a hero. I'm a hero. How do I do it dreamt it dreamt. It didn't tie my shoe. Ooh, I'm a hero. Well, thank you so much for listening to the true scary stories any with podcast make sure you give us five stars really does help us out bumps our podcast up in the numbers have been so great and check out all things. Scary. Go check out the Facebook group facebook.com backslash trees cares. That was my duty. Check out Nick Nick comic Nick where you going to be coming up doing stand-up comedy to Grand Rapids tomorrow? Yeah stand up at the laughfest. Then I will be doing stand-up at And Saginaw, Michigan this weekend and I'm supposed to be doing the Chicago Laugh Factory on Saturday. I need to confirm that. Okay. So if you're in any of those places go to the true scary stories page and get tickets. Do you see neckline and then we got Vegas and we also got Portland coming up and yeah, do you live in those places? All right, let us know get you some tickets and I'm going to be back here in LA tomorrow. I got to show up Flappers comedy club and then I got a sharp a sharp.
Topic ID: 45 Episode ID: 3IVmMZGXKR4w1EGxvpyepY Segment Number: 15 Extracted Segment:  10 times last year pretty ridiculous what you know speaking of tight ends Tom before we get into our rankings. We really should break down the some of the news that's come out today. Apparently the Giants are sending an MRI of Evan engram foot to dr. Robert Anderson. Who's one of the foremost foot specialists in the country. We have no update on that right now, but it does appear that the Giants are concerned about Evan engrams foot injury. Which would I mean look, he's a top Fantasy option and like you were saying this is actually it's actually a kind of deep tight end class on the waiver wire right now with some guys who are who are constantly emerging. Yeah potentially emerging. So go listen to our our waiver wire podcast about the tight ends and read Tom's waiver wire article up on fantasy free agents.com. But Evan engram going down would be a huge huge loss at the tight end position. Yeah, it would be time to you know, if you've been rolling with just one tight end that's happening. Might wanna wanna might want to stash somebody here this week Mike a sickie is you know, kind of emerging here a little bit no offense, but that doesn't really do any good this week because they're owned by but you know, maybe Jared Cook was dropped, you know, he's gonna finally get the see some extended play with Drew Brees here only really played five quarters with them to start the season here. So the other there's some guys out there even Jacob Hollister. We talked him up a little bit on the waiver wire podcast Russell Wilson has thrown 32% of his touchdown passes to
Topic ID: 45 Episode ID: 28LKf7Epdkwhs4YtJSzhEp Segment Number: 33 Extracted Segment:  Um to test better than he did I would have been okay with Green Bay taking him in the second round. But if he succeeds if he succeeds he's a unicorn because they're just not a lot of guys with his athletic profile in his size that have found success in the NFL and so a team is going to have to be creative with how they use him understanding that. He's not a size mismatch type of tight end and so with the Vikings think the Earth Smith will step in and replace with Kyle Rudolph brings to the field. I think that that's a pretty big mistake. So we'll see how that Situation plays out because it sounds like Rudolph is and super happy that the Vikings drafted a tight end and took one pretty high in the draft like Andrew said running back in the third round was confusing to me. I was not super familiar with Madison if I'm being honest until after the draft, but I think if you look at the situation, it's really interesting because they have Dalvin cook and by all accounts, they're hoping that he comes back and has a really impactful season and so taking a running back in the third round if nothing else just kind of made me pause and wonder if Maybe they're a little bit skeptical about what they think Dalvin cook can handle as a workload or what his health will be long term. So we'll have to wait and see if we get a little bit more explanation for why they would take a running back in the third round. But let's go ahead here now that we've gotten through free agency and the draft and let's make some judgments the favorite thing. We like to do here about the Vikings. Let's make some judgments about the Vikings. Did they get better or did they get worse this offseason? Yeah, the really interesting part of evaluating team.
Topic ID: 45 Episode ID: 1EQ59WUlPZVMwvzUnpp5ui Segment Number: 79 Extracted Segment:  Every day, it's exciting. I think why ask him if we can get Ebron here. His eligibility is done. He just got done playing in the Pro Bowl. I think I think for for Coach to see it from that lens, you know, he's always been an online coach and and obviously coordinated here the first two years I think to see it from a different lens has been awesome. I think anytime you you'll even see a different perspective on things offensively recruiting, you know, As the million questions of a would you look for in a tight end here? Would you look for in a tight end here? I think you know does it result in anything specific? I think it's just maybe an appreciation for a different position maybe a different appreciation for the past game seeing In a Different Light learning from different people. I think it's it's awesome growth. I think a lot of us. That's what we try to spend offseasons doing is studying other people. He got the inside view of one of the better offenses in the NFL and and being around some incredible coaches in around an incredible quarterback there. I think that's one thing that you've you ask him. I think it just just what went into Andrew Luck and his preparation and his ability to control a game and so have we joked we joke every day do we want to get get the tight ends more involved? I think that's just going to come as they go and as they continue to develop I thought they grew up last year in a huge way. And I think the expectations are really really high in those guys, right.
Topic ID: 45 Episode ID: 1lO3i4s425iozMaKPVup6V Segment Number: 73 Extracted Segment:  You know, that's the easiest question mark here and Johnny Smith. You know, he played pretty well last year in spot Duty after Walker went down so he had a couple big plays. I like what I see in him. I think he's got real opportunities of pro and Michael Pruitt. I really kind of like him. He and Marcus developed some chemistry later on in the year last year. And I think he's going to be a solid player Park sir. He's more of what I consider to be like that ate the full-back type of A tight end and I think he's got a definite spot on this roster. I think we keep for and I'll tell you what part I was looking at the wrong wrong name, but Parker has see he's interesting. Yeah, he played defensive end in college at Iowa. Right? It is now playing tight end in the NFL as a former defensive player myself. I think defensive linemen are some of the most talented players in the game, and I think he could be really interesting. I Don't know how well he catches the ball the pure ability to play defensive end in college and be signed as a as a tight end after a tryout. It's just interesting to me.
Topic ID: 45 Episode ID: 1lO3i4s425iozMaKPVup6V Segment Number: 76 Extracted Segment:  Yeah, absolutely. They obviously see something in him and he's a good athlete Sky had 14 Saxon college. So you think you would have a shot over there, but I just don't know if he I don't know but and obviously the thing with with our head coach in his history of playing kind of both ways. You just going to be really intriguing but I think this is a practice squad guy but he's like a Furniture type kind of keep your eye on him and see if maybe he doesn't you know what involve into hopefully got almost 53 man roster over the next couple of Seasons. Well, we're Something guys running back wide receiver tight end seemed pretty well spoken for as far as the roster spots. I do like our death it both positions. Don't you? Would you guys agree then the back end of this roster has sort of come along we're going to have to wait and see about the guys that are supposed to kind of take take this team on their back. But I feel like we've I feel like there's some intriguing players and some guy said have stepped up and kind of kind of taking hold of the back of this roster. Right. Oh, yeah, I think I think we're in a really good spot. I mean years ago, we'd be looking we'd be looking at this roster and being like Oh God, where's our third receiver? And now we're talking about our fifth and sixth, you know, same thing for tight ends like Frank wycheck and who so I mean, we're finally getting to a spot where we have, you know players that turn this roster and those players that don't make it not because they're not good players, but because we have fantastic players already in place. So I think we're returning into that.
Topic ID: 46 Episode ID: 2gVRHaCkpSqwRA5TEbUgM3 Segment Number: 10 Extracted Segment:  One it's going to be me. So there will be plenty of fodder for hilarity on this podcast. If nothing else listen to this podcast so you can just get on and laugh at someone else's life and think well, it could always be worse. So buckle up. Welcome to the cowgirl problems podcast. I don't know where it's going. I don't know what this will become. We're in this together. This could all end in flames and I'll have to just hire some guy in a Faraway country to erase all the remnants of it from the interwebs, or maybe the right. We'll be listening someday and they'll think my God this girl is certifiably nuts, but we should give her own TV show. Let's make it happen fingers crossed. You totally never know what will become of this but creating a podcast. It's been on my heart for a while and I was just sitting on the couch the other day wondering what am I doing with my life as I do often? And I thought you know what I need to do this podcast. There's no time like the present. So I just created a logo. I'm now yapping into a microphone there. You have it boom done. I'm a podcast host. I have a party. Cast some people ask me what I do for a living. I'm a save a lot of things. You know, I hope some TV shows. I have a podcast like I think it makes me official now that I have a podcast. I don't know what I'm doing here goes nothing. Thanks for listening to this introductory. And that sounds a little too formal. Thanks for listening to I guess whatever this was this introduction to cowgirl problems this introduction where basically I tell you I don't really know what cowgirl problems is going to be yet, but I guarantee that it's going to be super funny and I promise to bring you lots.
Topic ID: 46 Episode ID: 4tdVVg2EBDhSjaP0EObu3D Segment Number: 1 Extracted Segment: Welcome to the simple Farmhouse live podcast episode 2. Today. We're going to be talking about the renovation story of our first Farmhouse. It was a 10-year process that took a ton of time and thought and I want to share it with you today. My name is Lisa mom of six and creator of the blog and YouTube channel farmhouse on Boone join me as I share with you my love for creating a handmade home from scratch cooking and a Will Mom and entrepreneur Life along the way now, this episode idea actually came from my daughter. I told her I was going to start a podcast and that I needed some episode ideas and she gave me one she gave me to actually she said you should make a podcast about how our last house was really ugly and you made it pretty and I thought that was just a really good idea. I already had a list of about a hundred different podcast ideas and that One was one that wasn't on there kind of moved on. We are in a new Farmhouse at this point and I didn't really think about the old one and how anybody would want to hear about that but I started thinking that it actually has some Merit because that was the farm house that we bought really really cheap and we fixed it up on a really low budget. So that is a story that might be worth sharing because some of you might be in that position right now.
Topic ID: 46 Episode ID: 68nxZero8tdcfOmg1bvYA0 Segment Number: 51 Extracted Segment:  And from that found a boutique to give our beautiful dress kind of makeup artist do the makeup on a photographer and just start doing articles and I start thinking like wow, why don't we just share articles from from moms to Mom's that means this particular mom, you know, they really benefit from somebody else's article because it's so many spectral. I mean it's a wide range of the spectrum. Yeah, everybody just can't find a relatable story, you know, so that's pretty much how it all came about just like that. I love that. And yeah, it's amazing how you know, like like you said like you don't necessarily set out with this whole plan, but it's just like it all comes together because it was just such a great idea that it just, you know, like caught on like wildfire and just kind of how you said like, you know, putting out these articles where it's like Mom's relate to other moms. I mean, that's like basically the main reason why I wanted to start the podcast to was it's like, you know hearing these stories we're all doing this like everyday and sometimes you can I feel really lonely and really isolated. But when you hear from someone else like oh my gosh, that person is doing this this same thing. Yeah, it just just that little bit helps so much but then especially like you I love that it like the makeover aspect of it because it's just me who doesn't feel good when they get their makeup done like that and I feel like that like that's what like a little thing. I'm an aesthetician so at a makeup artist, so thanks to my heart, but I mean for for
Topic ID: 46 Episode ID: 75v0whZp6CVtotfEabKAwK Segment Number: 121 Extracted Segment:  Did your family growing up and what not? And then he's like I value what I did not experience which is a tight-knit family unit. And I was like dang like that is so because he's always talking about how we value different things or how like, you know, different things are important to us. And when he said that I was like, Wow, so like just like as as a perfect example, we were just setting up for the podcast and we were looking at this house. Oh you got was looking at this house on on Zillow and we're looking at the house and I'm like, we got to set up this podcast. Let's focus on the podcast. Right and she's like and when she gets to the backyard gosh and I'm like yo that backyard looks like the same size as my parents had like that and she was like and I was like, She's like it's big enough and I was like, yeah for kids and at the same time she said for hosting and so once again like she's like yo, we're gonna be the best party in town like, you know, and we're gonna hosting and so that togetherness of family is just like of like extended family and not that this is wrong and I don't think this is wrong, but I'm thinking about like yo, who am I responsible to like, I'm responsible.
Topic ID: 46 Episode ID: 0i2yLVxnzCtD5IweMduuLg Segment Number: 40 Extracted Segment:  Real disruption plastic production wasn't enough Elliot had a new passion for dollhouse furniture Ruth. Thought it would be a perfect fit alongside their other novelty items in 1945 Mattel made a total of thirty thousand dollars in profit on $100,000 in sales. Not bad, but it needed to be better for 1946 Ruth decided they needed to To increase production on novelty items and began making trips to New York City. The toy Industries Capital Ruth. Saw Mattel's true purpose. Now the baby boom was in full swing Ruth was a participant herself toys were going to be bigger than ever and Mattel needed to be there to fill that need interestingly enough Ruth status as a mother gave her this perception even though Didn't love the role. She was seeing the world through their eyes though. She might not like it or admit it. The personal was always intertwined with the professional in her life. 1946 was the moment that disruption became the main principle of Ruth's business. Although the toy industry was definitely a solid institution. She could see waste and distraction in the ranks. This was an industry.
Topic ID: 47 Episode ID: 5Bz3TczFQioNKF7mrhWUNZ Segment Number: 67 Extracted Segment:  Right, you know we have people in our minds. She's probably like yeah, that's actually not how it works. It's so funny. Are you yeah, you read more books than I do. I read a lot more psychological or like work. I do read a spirituality book. It's very very like Eastern religion Focus. So there's no it's not you could definitely take it and incorporate it into like a magic practice, but it's not magic Focus its philosophy focused or steal but that's the thing that's like part of the reason why I really am excited to dive into the topic of astral travel one because years ago, I was really really in depth and really trying very hard to cultivate like a good connection with my Astro like your it to be able to like go and journey and like communicate like do it, you know when I could and I was researching a lot and like I've forgotten a lot about it and I feel like it was one of the most pivotal times in my You'll like Journey if you don't have that. Yeah, we're just almost don't believe that I've heard people tell me story. Yeah, and I like can't I can't even fathom it. So my mind assumes that they must be having a really intense imagination I can tell you is it that you would think that when you feel it, I've only successfully done it like fully twice and the
Topic ID: 47 Episode ID: 7JFfuGJNsQIeLRB1ZxJ8XR Segment Number: 133 Extracted Segment:  But they're both like tourists obviously because you're mrs. And tours, but I would love to unpack what that's going to look for us for our solar returns because especially because they both the pores opposed our Mars in Scorpio is to and Oreos in the 10th and yours is in Mars Scorpios in the 11th. So yeah, you know, I don't know you're in his fourth. I think I think what you said about that furniture, like literally that makes all the sense. I am literally switching up my furniture get new things. I am also like I feel like I will be hosting more of our podcast guests here because and the because I'm the New York base guys and know I think like what people don't really totally realize about Uranus. Like I feel like for me it's even difficult to really understand it which is why I would love to do a whole episode about it so I can better understand it through talking about it. But I feel like um Uranus is Is really like it is a chaotic energy. It is an energy about breaking free because when you're thinking about the story of Uranus there was like kind of like a breaking free moment for urine as it was like this kind of rebellion and kind of having to kind of come out of your shell and also literally like just chaos like chaotic things happening. You should happening things that don't even necessarily make logical sense. So I feel like having it in like having it in Taurus like I think there's gonna be a
Topic ID: 47 Episode ID: 1vKZezKKn7GfXGEx9oU7KL Segment Number: 76 Extracted Segment:  Yeah. Yeah. Well my damn Helena blavatsky plays a big role in. Mr. Adolf Hitler's beliefs. Oh boy. Oh, yeah. That was gonna get crazy. I think this any doesn't matter comes up. It's crazy. Yeah, he's special somebody on this map. There's a little little diagram. There's well. There's a little thing near the top right under right under the Earth where it says Hollow Earth saucer to Venus. Yeah, how they know that guy. When to Venus, oh there goes off the Venus will clearly because they spoke with the inhabitants of the inner earth his oh, yeah that you know, that was he was on his way to Venus. We can't have a name that you can easily pronounceable a human mouth, but what he can go to Venus, but this one is real interesting the test Adam blast cold air rushes back to Earth. The center of shaft I don't know where that's going but it shows it going all the way to the hollow. Yeah through the ocean. Yeah. I'm looking at the two. I didn't understand it. So they hit the ground and then the cold air that rushed in when it did all that. Did it create a giant access? I don't know if that's what I'm looking at. Maybe okay. So, you know how they say alien activity is around like
Topic ID: 47 Episode ID: 1hsZbh9TB2uhvBMMa6ZARZ Segment Number: 83 Extracted Segment:  You know not quite as sharply focused on those literary and thematic aspects of the book has but but but it's well done because it's the movie is more concerned with feel than fact, right? Well the books really about the about the culture, you know, I mean, that's really what the books about so it's about the feel of the culture and and the book even talks about how the culture has spilled over, you know, like when you're flying on a commercial jet the pilot is gonna Talk to you in a sort of Jager ask way because that's what they've been, you know, sort of a culture rated to do right apparently the book. So I read in the past that you know wolf was interested in the astronauts and he wanted to write a book about the entire space program and then it took him years just to write the Mercury part and he sort of stop there right, but apparently I didn't know this but the book is actually an expansion. Banded version of a four-part article series. He wrote for Rolling Stone called Port called post orbital remorse that does not appear to be online. I'd be sort of curious to read that because in that he is apparently talking extensively about Apollo and I think from that he went back and started from the beginning but it would be interesting to read post orbital remorse and see how it how it compares to the book. You know, I remember when when the space shuttle first.
Topic ID: 47 Episode ID: 5uv4JMaPJspBUiTrPWvNqV Segment Number: 80 Extracted Segment:  Total Recall, right. That's another guy. Oh my God, that's gonna bother me move on. He'll come back to it. Arnold has forced them. I think it would be Total Recall. I can't remember the name of the one where they go to Mars and they're like eyes explode what are their eyes like start to pop their heads over so I can write that one's called. It is time is the Six-Day or is Total Recall to one of the biggest Auto recall recall it cover of the Six-Day has his face. It looks like his eyes are open. Really I think so. I'm from my co-workers and that movie. Yeah. See that's what I was thinking. Yeah. Anyways, that's what you're going to do to your wife. Okay. Now look up Arnold Total Recall with his eyes popping out of his head. I think that's the one he does it in like Sharon Stone Michael Ironside. I love Mike.
Topic ID: 48 Episode ID: 4UL7pyEHR7yge0aVmcMh7J Segment Number: 1 Extracted Segment: If I had the choice between Beyonce are Seth everyday, I would pick them. Hello everyone and welcome to the inaugural episode of the fourth wall. I am your host Griffin Schiller. And this is the show where we break down the fourth. Wall of the film industry as we get an inside look through our conversations with industry professionals ranging from directors actors. And in the case of today's guest composers the show is of course part of the playlist podcast Network where you can find our weekly film discourse show discussing the latest releases along with the rest of our show catalog, whatever your fixes. I'm sure that we got you covered over there. But anyways getting into this episode now, this is a show of wanted. You for a little while. Now as I've begun talking to more and more Professionals in the industry, you know, I directors actors you name it and it's always fascinating hearing their story of how they got started in the projects. They've worked on in the collaborations. They've been a part of that is always my favorite part of these interviews is just listening to their personal experiences and what they had to say and then of course getting a peek behind the curtain on certain projects and really breaking down some of the more technical elements. That's something that
Topic ID: 48 Episode ID: 79mkOPdaIxS72OrqbJ6Ynu Segment Number: 134 Extracted Segment:  There's so many great comedians. Martial artists. What have you nowadays? You have to go back and appreciate what happened in the past. So you can really appreciate where we're at now presently and where we're going in the future with these with movies because I'd love to see this kind of thing come back nowadays. It's rare you rarely get these kinds of action comedies like this right where it's one person and its timing and all those other things are happening and they're barely escaping and barely doing all this because it's rare when it happens nowadays, but I feel like there could be a nice niche of that kind of action Cinema action movie cinema brought back with the right person in charge of it. I like everything you said in the thing that it made me think of is we talk a lot about art, you know in our podcast. Yes, and we really Elevate artists like the idea of great art. That's right. And I personally am such a proponent of craft is that and if you watch this film you have to think about or you should think about the Craftsmanship. Yeah, how did they do it first you have the idea and then you need to bring together all sorts of Technology. That's from 1860s you in timing and cameras and film stock and lenses and and we had all of these pieces working together to make a tiny little moment just a little bit better. Yeah, you know, it's not actually the big stuff that make this movie work. It's all the little stuff and all the little stuff that he was incredibly disciplined about making happen just
Topic ID: 48 Episode ID: 4b2VOreu91QAYSUzzZvqqU Segment Number: 8 Extracted Segment:  Unique it was a very funny guy. Like one of the the things that I guess wanted the first reasons we even started like talking and hanging out. This is way before I started doing what I do with the coaches and athletic department, but they were here one Saturday morning, and he I guess they were watching film after a game. This was in 2017 and I started talking to one of my other coach buddies about a movie that I had seen the Friday before and he chimed in Come on, sincerely like his ear went up. He turned around and he's like you saw that movie. I was like, yeah sure did and he asked me what I thought about it and I started like going into the detail about him. Like he was picking up everything I was saying about like the intricacies of the director and then he started talking to me about the director himself and I kind of got confused for a second. I was like, I didn't know about this like let me I'm the only nerd here. What are you doing? And then he told me that he got a his major was film and And he yeah, so cool from that point on like every time I saw I still didn't talk to him that much after that but every few weeks or months when I did see him I did you see that movie. He's like, yeah, I'm gonna watch it this weekend and it was it was interesting because as we started talking more he would basically break down every single movie way more than I could ever like. He just he was a film buff and like that that we talked about movies and music and
Topic ID: 48 Episode ID: 3GI8HXhbHyLhtGO0O1lIiV Segment Number: 2 Extracted Segment: Good day fellow sinfoni ins of the internet. My name is Ryan Smith and you are listening to some phony Cass where we talked to manly options to discuss how they are musician Lee men It is been too long since I've been able to say that it's been over a month. I know.
Topic ID: 48 Episode ID: 6lexjzyYCIROTbeZK8HuJp Segment Number: 129 Extracted Segment:  I really enjoyed the interview to and I think he's a great interviewee. I think I've seen on The Daily Show before and he's just obviously very articulate very articulate an Omnibus the smartest guy in the room. And so it's nice when the smartest person in the room gets to talk. Yeah sure. This doesn't happen on this show often. So I would say we're talking about films here and you are a film right upfront journalist, and and you primarily right for a cycle directors notes so you can you play explain to The audience what you do there and what kind of work is? Yeah. Sure. I write for directors notes. It's a website focused on Independent filmmaking. Our tagline is the what how and why if independent filmmaking because we're almost exclusively interviews with independent film directors. If you go on our site, you'll just see a kind of catalog of reviews of mainly short films, but we do cover features as well historically the website is covered yoga slam from us. Anilinium in for Barry Jenkins during the kind of beginnings of their careers and with so we kind of pride ourselves in following filmmakers that really kind of show some promise in their work. Everything on the site is deemed the recommendation as well as a
Topic ID: 49 Episode ID: 7e4q2PigBY74NiZwfg8QXa Segment Number: 160 Extracted Segment:  As the whole trip and we filled up our car we filled up this bag on the top of our car. So we're planning on marking off, you know that mileage and that the the inventory that we bought along the way because we were sourcing places that we couldn't get we bought Brands. I mean the jacket I'm wearing right now is something I Source while I was out there so Now I mean is that that's an okay thing to do like if you're like, okay, I want it. I want to Source new areas. I want to see I hear there's good thrift stores here. Is that a fair thing to do or is that may be pushing it a little bit. I mean that they're different definitely ways. You can push that but you know, if I'm going to Hawaii specifically with the specific and like with a the primary purpose of sourcing inventory that maybe it's harder to get elsewhere. I can deduct, you know, my plane flight over to Hawaii and my plane fly back and any any days that I'm Outsourcing, you know for my hotel or whatever I can deduct that round trip mileage.
Topic ID: 49 Episode ID: 7EWxvCdfIifXdrx1yxKFO8 Segment Number: 26 Extracted Segment:  I don't know anyway download the free tanker app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started and be sure and put back slash Thrift therapy or Thrift therapy or tag me in your post. I want to know if you start a podcast because I want to listen. Okay, stay Thrifty everybody and do a podcast. Hey Drifters, I want to tell you a little bit about using spotify to listen to podcast one of the challenges that I have is a thrift podcaster is getting the news about podcast to Thrift. There's so many people still don't know how to listen to a podcast. What a podcast is or where you can find them Spotify has made that really simple if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for Thrift therapy and then go ahead and click on that and hit that. Little button. So you never miss an episode and it'll add it to your library updates. You're already using your library for your music. Am I right? So there next to the music tab will be a podcast top and you can just click between the two with real he's and I like that because who has time to be switching between apps. Oh my God, so so busy just kidding. I mean, I like to save any minute I can though and so do you I know that look you can follow
Topic ID: 49 Episode ID: 7AzbvTcIyqerPRd6zqOmue Segment Number: 37 Extracted Segment:  Started with that why didn't I start with that? I don't know anyway download the free tanker app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started and be sure and put back slash Thrift therapy or Thrift therapy or tag me in your post. I want to know if you start a podcast because I want to listen. Okay, stay Thrifty everybody and do a podcast. Hey Drifters, I want to tell you a little bit about using spotify to listen to podcast one of the challenges that I have is a thrift podcaster is getting the news about podcast to Thrift. There's so many people still don't know how to listen to a podcast. What a podcast is or where you can find them Spotify has made that really simple if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for Thrift therapy and then go ahead and click on that and hit that. Little button. So you never miss an episode and it'll add it to your library updates. You're already using your library for your music. Am I right? So there next to the music tab will be a podcast top and you can just click between the two with real he's and I like that because who has time to be switching between apps. Oh my God, so so busy just kidding. I mean, I like to save any minute I can though and so do you I know that like you can follow
Topic ID: 49 Episode ID: 7EWxvCdfIifXdrx1yxKFO8 Segment Number: 30 Extracted Segment:  On Instagram and it'll send them a little clip of the show which not I don't know of any other platforms that are allowing it to that easy, especially on Instagram. So I'm a big fan of using spotify to listen to podcast and I highly recommend that you check it out to and be sure and follow through therapy. Hey Thrifty listeners. I want to tell you about an online reselling community on Facebook that I think you would really enjoy if you've been thinking about cleaning out your closet getting into re sailing or maybe just wanting to buy some Thrift without having to leave your home. Yes, right, of course, I want to do that. It's your 24-hour Thrift Shop. You need to get on Facebook and search Thrift. Boss babes. I'm going to put a link in the show notes so you can find it easily. But that's Thrift boss babes. And then you want to join it's $12 a month, but for Thrift therapy listeners, you will get one month free so you can check it out and see if it's something you're interested in doing cancel at anytime and sammedi runs this group, which she's been on the show a couple times. So I want to promote her group. It's really really fun. You can buy them.
Topic ID: 49 Episode ID: 4MCL7sFQv8i2XFDNosbl9w Segment Number: 10 Extracted Segment:  And I just sound like a broken record and the most generic thing in the world. But if someone were to come up to me and specifically asked hey tell me about a project you're very passionate about and you're working towards right now. Oh gosh, I probably would not be able to stop talking and the reason why is because they gave me some constraints they gave me these boundaries and they said work within this and I was like, all right, because it's easier to fill a box if you know, this is how much space I have. But if you don't then it can be very overwhelming. And you can just be paralyzed by the idea of having to fill it all if all these metaphors make sense. Please let me know because I'm just a walking metaphor. I feel like the constraints are good. Financial constraints are awesome. How you probably have never heard that before? They're awesome. Take it from me a broke actor. They're awesome. They make you think about what you can do within those constraints and you get Thrifty with it. Literally you get Thrifty with it. Thrift stores are your best So I dare you to work within your constraints and always push yourself to see what you can accomplish within them.
Topic ID: 50 Episode ID: 515F4SoQqHRzYOS8GG0w2A Segment Number: 51 Extracted Segment:  And he goes to start it and it doesn't start and he goes, yeah, we're stranded. And I looked at him and I was like you're kidding and we literally had a call like a thankfully he had a radio and so guys we're stranded in the middle of the ocean on our way to Catalina were like maybe and you can see Catalina. So we're closer to Catalina. And so he has to call it on has radio for like a rescue team to come and rescue us from our boat. I were just sitting there like floating around the island and luckily. had like games and stuff to play and we were like we there was plenty of food and water so we are fine with that and it probably was only like maybe two or three hours that we were waiting and
Topic ID: 50 Episode ID: 21yuRLr3P5RCeCG0Uldm0C Segment Number: 70 Extracted Segment:  And there's one more thing from this chapter. That or it's not from the chapter, but it's just kind of a story that's related that I wanted to share with you. And that is the first week of training. I had the opportunity to talk to a retired Coast Guard rescue swimmer. My dad was a flight mechanic in the Coast Guard. So he knew a ton of swimmers and he got me in contact with one just to kind of give me some good advice before training really ramped up and what he told me really stuck with me. and he basically just said that you got to remember that everyone who went through the training before you and past had to go through the exact same test and had to feel the same emotions that you felt so you're not really like there's no you're not special or unique in the fact that you have to show through the training and if you realize that it's kind of relieving or enlightening like once you know that other people have gone through it and
Topic ID: 50 Episode ID: 3Lo1HMeSohAox1dKjJ2Vrx Segment Number: 31 Extracted Segment:  Planned everything carefully and I think that everything we've done in the bear Market has been somewhat successful. I mean the Nano XR new product has been received very positively by the community. We sold a bunch. It's a great product. I mean, I'm using it everyday. It's really good. I mean an NOS was good, but then wife has no X I think is the better version of the of the Nano s so, you know so far so good. We didn't break anything. Thing went it was difficult and it was it was a storm. It is still a storm but we didn't break anything in the ship is still sailing, right? Well speaking of breaking things. I'd love to talk a little bit a little bit about the security aspects as well. So listen is my know. I recently interviewed Charles from The Ledger donjon. Who's also working with Ledger. Can you tell us a little bit from your perspective? What has it been like trying to maintain security standards? On the product and you're dealing with things like hacks and attacks that come up here and there well, so Shaggy made that you're referring to he's our chief security officer and has been recently promoted to our chief technology officer is our CTO major city and CSO and Nicolas Becca. Who is the founder and original CTO is now our chief Innovation officer.
Topic ID: 50 Episode ID: 4moTutMvtYWmbjmOUyZKzt Segment Number: 5 Extracted Segment:  Kennedys were a middle class almost lower class family growing up. They didn't have a ton of extra money, but they all really overcame adversities. John F. Kennedy actually was fairly ill couple times as a child. He had gotten scarlet fever at one point and was diagnosed with Addison's disease as well. JFK also joined the Navy and he was actually awarded a purple heart and the Navy and Marine corpse medal for it. Instances that he encountered while serving during World War II his Patrol torpedo boat had gotten hit by a Japanese destroyer and him and some of his fellow crew members ended up on an island and had to basically survive and he was apparently a big part of their survival getting rescued JFK graduated from Harvard University in 1940 enjoying the House of Representatives in 1947. When he was only 29 years old and by 1952 he had been in the As well. He even won a Pulitzer Prize for a book that he wrote called Profiles in Courage the book contains short biographies of different US senators who really risk the reputation by kind of going against public opinion and possibly somewhat damaging their careers to five for what they believed was, right, even though it wasn't the popular opinion at the time. One of the big appeals of JFK was his charismatic personality people really saw him as a young fresh face.
Topic ID: 50 Episode ID: 14VWU0wDAyj8OMVzEhy6zC Segment Number: 137 Extracted Segment:  A lot of Executives or folks who feel like cognitively their diminishing a bit and their capability, you know, those are folks that we've been able to help and so I would say is a band of people that have been coming into the brain Treatment Center. That's a group that we tend to be able to touch pretty. Well. Dr. Eric quam. Thank you so much for the time. Yes, sir. Oh, my pleasure. I really appreciate it. Hey guys, I really hope you enjoyed listening to dr. Eric Juan. I know I did. I hope I answered some of the questions that you may have. I thought it was just fascinating information that he gave us and Canada wrap this thing up when we got done recording with Doc. He got talking about the brain Treatment Center in its place and restoring neurocognitive function. And of course, he didn't he didn't want to sound like it was a sales pitch and I respect the crap out of him for that. He even had to sneak it in that he was a naval flight surgeon and he's got a Harvard background. He's Chief medical officer for an aerospace company. I think we can all kind of connect the dots there. I love that about him but frankly and if you're struggling and don't feel like yourself, I personally want you to at least start looking around and seeing what you can do. And and here's I have to put this out there. I am not taking any money from wave Neuroscience or brain treatment center. It's not a sponsorship deal and any sort I paid full price for their services and I really just
Topic ID: 51 Episode ID: 23Dbiknqx9QcKcIAsO9OHX Segment Number: 3 Extracted Segment:  Guy goes here. You're gonna give him the Royal Treatment. I swear to God. Well, that's why guys everywhere yet you I mean listen, like my uncle used to work there and he had a Canadian citizenship. He worked as a computer science engineer and he's to get paid more than his boss just be quiet just because he's Canadian because he's Canadian citizenship. Oh another brief introduction. We are both International students studying in. The United States of America and I stuck. My guy my guy is make America great again for or International listeners while we started we decided to start this podcast because when I graduated and I am unemployed and Bilal over here needs some therapy. He some therapy to be aware. He's been just pitch oppressed. I'm trying to I'm currently I'm about to graduate. Studying for the GRE e which is I think is going okay. I mean, I don't feel like I'm making any progress but you know fingers crossed.
Topic ID: 51 Episode ID: 24D14fXF10T1D0j7VJ6YRr Segment Number: 18 Extracted Segment:  They must listen without a doubt Sean is down to earth honest and real there's a lot of capitalized words in this by the way. This man's famous. Nagin is clearly stuffed with knowledge. Only a true professional could have the exact kind of knowledge. Any actor Will crave the way he teaches in this delight of a pod is easily digestible and worth every second of listening. Wow, the vibe of an experienced friend giving you advice on thriving in that. Oh, so intimidating machine that we call the business. Is please actors give your sweet years the treat of soaking in the dire information Sean gives they deserve it. Trust me. You'll find yourself re listening again. And again, then I only discover this podcast yesterday. Yes. Did I have way too much fun writing this review? Yes, of course my all right on the show absolutely not listen to the day and cast. Peace out. Wow. So we're doing a mental health episode today Sean. I hope this was good for your mental health. Alyssa we really appreciate you so much along to read your comment. Love it like you so so much. Yeah, that feels good to feel that what you're doing is getting a positive response, but I'm going to say this right off the bat the majority of the time it doesn't happen that way and it isn't because of you and so we're going to explain. So first of all I said at the top creative people are prone to anxiety depression. It's just because we're more sensitive. That's our
Topic ID: 51 Episode ID: 3hyBikqzCy1mCWJRnuQak8 Segment Number: 77 Extracted Segment:  Are you going to ask yourself? Are you going to look at are you going to look back and say man? I really wish I would have gotten better or are you going to look back and say thank goodness. I took the steps needed to get better to get my mental health in check. I mean the choice is yours. The choice is yours guys. It's up to you to decide if we're going to lay down your sword or if you're going to pick it up and fight back. Thank you so much guys for tuning in to the latest episode of the anxious introvert podcast. I will be back next week to talk a little bit more a little bit more about introversion most likely or I may continue on this topic of anxiety and encouraging you guys with getting better and moving forward have a blessed rest of your day. Make sure to enjoy the simple things in life. And don't forget you are stronger and you will get through this until next time guys. Peace out.
Topic ID: 51 Episode ID: 4fYTZ2Qzd3avXGmDhL03ME Segment Number: 40 Extracted Segment:  Themselves how they perceive themselves and how they perceive the world around them because that creates the stress. Yeah. Okay. Okay, you just think yeah, definitely perception and mindset will create our reality. So yeah, exactly. Yeah, and so tell me a little bit more about this podcast. Why you what what is it? What can we expect because this is kind of the first one after you have already recorded some so If you can tell us a little bit about what to expect in the next few weeks, they'll be fantastic. Well, the aim is this part with this post podcast has been to bring different experts in different fields that can help us or give us tools and exercises and different ways in which we can regain Harmony and release the stress and also come back to us come back to checking ourselves out and saying When are we where am I in this thing called life? You know? Yes, so I have so far interviewed someone who's an expert on Yin Yoga someone who's an expert in voice and how to recover our power and I love also love to talk to people who are expert experts in terms of the physical body as well. So I love to talk to well. I have spoken so far in with a naturopath a kinesiologist and I have so many more are experts in my life.
Topic ID: 51 Episode ID: 0TcmMFBlbWmSuHmwbIyJD3 Segment Number: 2 Extracted Segment:  military I've been debating for a while to do a single person just me five gas and I got advice from a friend that I should try it out. So I'm going to start doing once a month podcast of this me and sharing some of the things that are either on my heart or things that I've learned. I'm starting this one with seven things. I wish I knew before I decided to join the military. very I feel like I learned a lot when I
Topic ID: 52 Episode ID: 7GnKpfX8S7lJ8alf2j6XJy Segment Number: 97 Extracted Segment:  County district attorney was turning the case over to his agency and that his team would resume investigating Garnett found that the statute of limitations for the crimes identified in the 1999 Grand Jury true Bill had expired and did not pursue review of the case against the ramseys but Baba Baba and the circus continues in October 2010 the case was reopened. So this is still going on gels and 10, okay. I almost said that was one year ago. But now that was nine years ago. What year is it? I don't know the case is reopened new interviews were conducted following a fresh inquiry by a committee that included state and federal investigators police were expected to use the latest DNA technology in their investigation, but there was no new information from those interviews and it was reported in September of 2016 at the investigation to jonbenet's death continues to be an active. Homicide case so let's talk about some theories here. Okay, there are two types of theories about the death of Jean Monnet and one is the Intruder theory that was pursued by the boulder District Attorney's office. With whom the ramseys developed a pretty good relationship. Although the police may have had the ramseys under what they called an umbrella of see.
Topic ID: 52 Episode ID: 6X1YYNr7WbfQIbrrasP4JA Segment Number: 35 Extracted Segment:  So I just like to thank you Laura for taking the time to speak to me this morning and for sharing your experience, and I'm absolutely confident that it's been beneficial for many parents listening to this podcast and I wish you and your family and of course Italy won all the best for the future. Thank you Laura Franklin Carlo. Thanks for having me. Wow, and thank you to Laura for sharing her story and indeed to Carmel for conducting the interview. We will put a link to carmel's session on change.org which currently sits at 4048 signatures were hoping to get this above 5,000 in the week soon. We have restart to Simon Horace. Who is the Minister of Health, but we have yet to get. Any response from him but this is certainly something that we will continue to highlight. So we will put a link to carmel's Facebook page or change.org a kind and her Twitter handle and in the description below and we'll also put our own contact details Facebook pages, and we would absolutely love if you would subscribe to our Spotify account, which is this building Ireland so that
Topic ID: 52 Episode ID: 02jT98Bp0MWBbYirPgwJvH Segment Number: 4 Extracted Segment:  of that much of a thin skin. You can't you gotta have thicker skin if you're an athletic quarterback, you do not see Tom Brady going off on a tangent about Skip Bayless. You do not see Aaron Rodgers tweeting out that he wants to fight people in the Octagon. You don't see the top quarterbacks do that. You don't even see Matt Ryan do that and that Ryan's coming off a terrible season with his team. I mean people have been thrashing him a lot, but you don't see him going crazy and calling into Radio shows Derek are calls into not the show that Steven Naismith and Max Kellerman are on no. No, he doesn't do that. And by the way, Steven Naismith said on his podcast that he they offered they offered up the chance for Derek Carr to call into their show and he did not instead. He called him to Mike and Mike. I think it's Mike and Mike. I forgot what it's called now, but it's the most safest PG show on ESPN. He knew he wasn't gonna hit be hit by any Hardball questions. He knew it's going to be a safe environment. He knew he wasn't going to get called out he went on there and he said, oh they questioned my character and my toughness really who cares you're getting paid millions of dollars. That's what those guys get paid to do is question you is to analyze you that's what I do I go on the radio.
Topic ID: 52 Episode ID: 76aVdeFMhH0o4FWt1JztVf Segment Number: 29 Extracted Segment:  Sing at the world championships and other sort of World Series races and where to go from from here for someone and has position so welcome to the show Caleb. Thank you. Good to be here been a long time listener. And now first time: oh, yeah. Yes. That's the first time I had someone say that actually yeah. Yeah, it does haven't I think if you go into anchor where I host the podcast it sometimes your I share the link you can leave voice messages. No one's ever done that but you can if you'd like to leave us a voice message Caleb next time it's very well. Now we know question yet to be fair. I didn't know that so You know, maybe no one knows that maybe we should like tell them. Yeah, actually I need just sort like last week. Okay, so cool. We're gonna have it on your voice mailbox full, you know next week. It's just going back off. I'm gonna blow up the internet. No one sees that anymore slide into the dean. Yeah. That's right. Yeah, you can do that too. So Matt it was
Topic ID: 52 Episode ID: 1cM0uG3sy7OB0m7zo1xSpX Segment Number: 2 Extracted Segment: Google podcast all the major distributions right at your fingertips. Just go to Anchor dot f m / start to get the ball rolling now. Let's get our ball rolling and start the show. Welcome to this episode of the slap-happy sloth and this week. We're going to talk about 48 questions. The mccanns refused to answer now. This comes after the documentary aired this week on the 15th on Netflix and that aim towards spoiler alert her being human trafficked now. I don't believe that but we're not going to go into that. But we're going to talk about the 48 questions. The mccanns refused answer now, we haven't got any messages. Just today, but if you would like to leave us a message on the anchor app and social media you can do go to Slappy happy sloth the.com and you can just contact us fire. Then you can even leave an unlisted video on YouTube and we'll download the audio. So let's get straight into it after this little tiny little ad break.
Topic ID: 53 Episode ID: 0dQGSecZTlNAbgtwuD8WCE Segment Number: 1 Extracted Segment: Wondering how to start a podcast well anchor dot f m has got you covered. All you got to do is download their free app and start recording. You don't have to worry about editing background score or circulating it on Spotify app podcast or any other platform just record and spread it across three simple steps and you are ready with your podcast.When everyone is interested in other people's lives, what's happening in their world are we talking about how to focus in your world will be talking about self-love personal growth motivation inspiration mindset online businesses marketing and a lot more. So if you want to get better at what you do, if you want to become your best version than this podcast is for you.This Silver Lining with Shreya and we'll be talking about everything that makes you feel happy and more you.
Topic ID: 53 Episode ID: 2W4LsTWRqm1Z3E7q2ZN71B Segment Number: 0 Extracted Segment:  Thanks for listening to this episode of the near and far podcast. You can always find more at my blog near and far.com and don't forget. If you have a question. You'd like me to explore in a future episode. Leave me your question the former review for the podcast on iTunes.Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This podcast is about business Behavior and the Brain on this show. I do a few things. I read quick articles. I've written about topics shaping your behavior. I interview authors of books. I enjoy and from time to time. I devote episodes to answering your questions. If you want to ask me a question visit the podcast page on iTunes go to ratings and reviews and ask me a question by leaving a review. I promise to read it and possibly includeQuestion a future episode. So please ask me anything now enjoy the episode and for more you can always visit me at near and far.com.
Topic ID: 53 Episode ID: 4rcs39itVgFjwFAKx9Q0si Segment Number: 0 Extracted Segment:  Thanks for listening to this episode of the near and far podcast. You can always find more my blog near and far.com and don't forget. If you have a question, you'd like me to explore in a future episode. Leave me your question the former review for the podcast on iTunes.Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This podcast is about business Behavior and the Brain on this show. I do a few things. I read quick articles. I've written about topics shaping your behavior. I interview authors of books. I enjoy and from time to time. I devote episodes to answering your questions. If you want to ask me a question visit the podcast page on iTunes go to ratings and reviews and ask me a question by leaving a review. I promise to read it and possibly includingQuestion a future episode. So please ask me anything now enjoy the episode and for more you can always visit me at near and far.com.
Topic ID: 53 Episode ID: 3vlKp5aecgMLeB8TKJYp3L Segment Number: 48 Extracted Segment:  Things so we can make sure that we can continue growing our business in the social media tsunami. All right. Okay. I hope that you guys like this podcast and make sure that you go and you get this done. I want to make sure that you guys in the podcast subscribe to my podcast. There's an option right there that says subscribe on the elbow podcast and also on the Google podcast or where you might be listening to and write a review. I'm getting towards a hundred reviews right now. I'm excited about that. So I want you to maybe you can be number a hundred. That'll be awesome. So if you guys can take a time take the time and write a review I pick out people from these reviews, and I actually select some of them once in a while, and I do a one-on-one consult with them to help them on their business. All right, so go ahead and write a review subscribe to the podcast and I will see you on the next one. Talk to you soon.
Topic ID: 53 Episode ID: 04bITXFN1OBr193ozHFaQV Segment Number: 55 Extracted Segment:  part of this. I mean, I didn't know what the possibilities were and I'm still learning about these but I'm hoping that through my story and the guests that we have on the show that we can really just speed up speed up what you understand as like what is in the realm of possible and really just, you know, give you that extra motivation this to pull the trigger. Like are you on are you on this edge of like you have a Business idea, you know as a kind of like technology-related or something like that. Like I would love to hear stories about people that they got they got exposed to what we're doing here on the podcast and then they go out they execute on their business ideas like these this is the type of environment and community that I want to help create here. Okay. So another thing we can discuss is what drove me to do this. So, you know, why am I doing this podcast? So there's like, you know, a 30% piece of me that is just fed up with the predatory training that is out there on the internet if like I think it's really sad people are being led down this path of like literally like you can freelance work from anywhere, you know.
Topic ID: 54 Episode ID: 2b8D5u6BS7IUypIHQlAtxG Segment Number: 72 Extracted Segment:  In ballet, which is their original one. Well, I love it Hey Joe another question last. Yeah a book that you recommend. I always like to ask my guests for a book. They recommend it could be anything. I've had the Bible from Gregg Allman send all the way to my book. Yeah. Well, no one has mentioned my book. You don't even know it. Well Roz and I am having to look it up we have on your eating the definitive guide to flexible eating Ross put out a journal. So you guys can obviously check that out on your own you're eating.com and of course Best our of their day is set to hit bookshelves around the internet in the near future, but you have a book you recommend. I'll be honest. I haven't read a book since high school. I hate to say that I just started trying to based on some of your podcasts looking into other people's booking it recommended. Yeah. I'm a I'm an articles guy. I've been like I read and like listen to a lot more stuff. I give us one thing that you think the listeners should check out other than best out of their day. Other than best our of their daddy, I would say the active life being able to coach people through recovery if they get hurt that's one of the best ones that I've found. I also spent quite a bit of time. I hate to say it but I'll cross the.com going back through all the oil don't hate. That's great. No, I mean I know that's a generic kind of poi to it, but it's probably one of my favorite things where I mean, if especially just looking at how things have changed over the years with that and how teaching this like the
Topic ID: 54 Episode ID: 47zhhONlw353ULwJ5Ktz4W Segment Number: 13 Extracted Segment:  Yeah, and mostly we just want everyone to learn about some more internal pieces of right Corey. Everyone knows Phil everyone knows Chris not everyone knows that the engineers and the different technical minds of bright core and we just kind of want to open window up to that so we might do some some hobby episodes get someone on to talk about their cool podcast that is better than ours or you know, drop that. SoundCloud for those aspiring artists we don't even know we have yet. So just kind of a variety podcast and we also will do movie reviews. Oh, please. Yes. Now if you have any not enough if you have any interesting hobbies, you want to feature call 1-800. No, we don't have a we don't have a hotline yet. Do we you don't even have a channel yet. So here's what I'd recommend true. I would recommend going to slack and pressing command K and typing the word podcast Because by the time you hear this Something will exist you will find something but I can't tell you what the name is yet. Yeah, absolutely. So just do that and you'll find something and that's where you can go to suggest topics that we should we should cover or to tell us about also going to be a podcasts at bright core.com email that's going to exist was that a decision that was made live on the out. Wow. Yeah that it was that is a decisive man. Everyone. That is what you're here. We mentioned that the audience
Topic ID: 54 Episode ID: 6TNRP3TEcRSntPrC0BEndB Segment Number: 5 Extracted Segment:  Just like the negative things about life and emotions and that kind of stuff in a way that's like acknowledges them, but then it's funny and I'd like to be able to do that. That's like that's the goal. I'm gonna have to listen to it comes out. I think the day that are this episode comes out, right? So it's like will be out I think so, I think so. It's called people we love hmm. Nice. I'll probably make a post about it and just be like, hey, it's out. Yeah, you should because I won't allow. - yeah, it was fun. And it was a good will on our view. I think it's a new guy gets a newish podcast, but I haven't listened to the other episodes because I am bad at stuff like that. But if all the other episodes are like mine, then I think that they'll probably be entertaining and interesting to listen to awesome. What about yours? Yeah. I did my friend Sarah's new podcast search history snitch. I'm actually going to play a promo. So for that at the end of our episode this episode neighs and I talked to Jason from the Seattle podcasters podcast. Oh that's cute. But we had like so many technical difficulties trying to talk to each other. So we ended up doing it on the phone so it which you know how I am. So I was just like cringing the whole time right which is nothing against him. We just like didn't have our compatibility recording.
Topic ID: 54 Episode ID: 3L4nz1wk8LSkGaiZpacAqd Segment Number: 5 Extracted Segment:  And very much looking forward to this one in the last episode that we did on the Power of Now by Eckhart Tolle a we just did the forward and introduction which I thought was really valuable to the rest of the content in the book. But now we get to jump into the the meat and potatoes of this this great book. I've really leaned on this one this week. I've read a few chapters that were pivotal to me that I've had bookmarked. It's been a tough week but managed to pull through this one. Oh, And before we get started on this episode, I wanted to take a minute and read the very first review that we've gotten for the Live This Life podcast. This one's through Apple podcasts. And if you are so inspired and you enjoy the podcast if you could go on there and give us a rating and comment, it would be awesome. It'd be nice to hear what people are actually thinking about it, whatever platform you're listening to I'm not familiar with many of the platforms out there other than Apple. That's the one I use to listen to my own. Podcasts of all the ones I like to listen to and use anchor to actually record this podcast. But this review came in through Apple. It was a five star review which said by gal girl 0-5 which said great blueprint for learning how to live your life to its fullest explorations of self-discovery self-awareness and ways to have a meaningful and fulfilling life. Thank you gal girl of five wherever you are. That was an awesome thing to discover.
Topic ID: 54 Episode ID: 529D1owvKxmM8AIMUMj4YA Segment Number: 227 Extracted Segment:  We had a lot more to talk about what but let's get into our meditation. Yeah, we can talk about the other stuff later. We can talk about it later get yourself comfy. If you're driving. Don't listen to the second part just yet. I love you. I hope you had a good time Red fan for life. It's your girl DJ narc. Let's come back in a second relaxed hydrated. Take a load off lay down and let's take a little trip. Yeah. I'll see you in a second. I love you. Hey fam, I'm back to talk to you about one of my favorite apps anchor so whenever I meet someone and they seem to have an interesting perspective on life where they have some unique knowledge. I always ask them if they have a podcast and most of the time they have a pretty perplexed look on their face, which kind of says well I would love to but I have no idea what it is or how to One but I hear the very popular to which I always reply. Hey don't feel bad. I used to be the same way until I heard about anchor and I really do say that and they always say Hey you sound like an ad and I guess I do and the reason I say that is because all you have to do is download the app you talking to your phone and then anchor really does the rest.
Topic ID: 55 Episode ID: 4fWLH1I6m9FlT6KhtxXGrY Segment Number: 78 Extracted Segment:  Cool. Thanks, Nico. All right, let's switch back to the world of the podcast here. We have Chad loader or I'm a guess. It's loader from Twitter. He noted that Apple introduced a feature in iOS 13 that automatically transcribes an index has every podcast episode so you can do a full test search. Has anybody actually done that Kirby have you used these? I haven't and I know You know, I'm a Podcast Addict but I have made done a lot of the searching of the transcripts yet it I mean, I love the idea that you can absolutely but go get something to look into and this is the actual article right here on Cult of mac.com and we'll take a look at that or we'll put that in the show notes. Now one of the other social media platforms that people go on is Snapchat and Snapchat. Is doing something very similar to what Facebook did Nico. I think you notice the Facebook ad tool that was out there where you could without an account pull down information about demographics of what ads were delivered to what places Carl Jack Miller on Twitter tweeted out something this past month and he mentioned that Snapchat has a CSV that you can pull down with the same type of information really adjusting have your is a beta
Topic ID: 55 Episode ID: 6B6VhV5hRkrwBiQ3iJqvXB Segment Number: 46 Extracted Segment:  Pennies for those years ago know we are on Instagram. Can you underscore it? Kick it Twitter. Can you cook it 1 if you haven't followed follow us or a good time sometimes and we will definitely plug our special guest today Mayfield stuff until all of our post coming up after this episode with this episode look, but I think I'm going to Anyway, good to have you all here. It's a it was actually Xavier message me when we first picked up this podcast and he's like it would be totally cool if we could be on the show and honestly, it's something that I had thought about because when I had my YouTube, I really really really enjoyed working with people that you know make music. Totally support local artists and stuff like that. Like it's really cool. And actually I really enjoyed it whenever I had people on and you actually got to be him one of those whenever I had been G only show and it's a good time, you know, like just having people like artists on and having it talk to them get to know more I get to know their story like it it's that's it really intrigues me. So I mean if you are a local artist listening to this tweet and you're in San Antonio or
Topic ID: 55 Episode ID: 102vWgJarBIxyBdFqjS9ik Segment Number: 3 Extracted Segment:  A first lady tribute show whatever it is that we turn to you can also have that money coming in now download the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get started. And as Karen Carpenter would say We've Only Just Begun So Mary, I wanted to talk to you about a really important event that's happening this month. Oh, okay. Yeah, I want to hear it. So to do that, I just want to paraphrase the words of someone we both really admire. Okay. So here's what I want to tell you. We choose to make a podcast we choose to make a podcast in this decade and to do the other things not because they are easy, but because they are hard. Because that goal will serve to organize and measure the best of our energies and skills because that challenge is one that we are willing to accept one that we are unwilling to postpone and which we intend to win. What's happening. I remember I'm paraphrasing the JFK speech about going to the Moon because I want to it's amazing. I watched it three times today. I thought you hate him. I heard that you hate space. No, it's not his fault. He would have
Topic ID: 55 Episode ID: 6w51kEcVzTuJpH5NQuQyxi Segment Number: 94 Extracted Segment:  Today how you feel? How you think and I know for me it really did make a pretty big difference. Once I started this protocol and started changing my diet and just my Stress Management. I feel like I don't want to say I feel like a new person but I do feel like the new improved Sam 2.0. So I'm excited to come with you guys on your journey as Sam 2.0 and just really help you guys figure out what's been going on with your life. Life, if you are experiencing a digestion stuff, then, you know reach out to someone and see what's going on. But I hope you did enjoy the episode. I hope it was helpful for you. If so, please head over to my website www.patinsproject.com, or you can send me a DM on Instagram or head over to iTunes or Spotify and give me your review. All right you guys I hope you have an awesome rest of your day and tune in for an awesome next episode next week.
Topic ID: 55 Episode ID: 6Glo5Se76m8em3FMbBq2b9 Segment Number: 3 Extracted Segment: Are we really free? Hell? No. No, we're not well. Back in the day when Malcolm X was still living he wanted to bring the us up on charges of crimes against humanity. And when you listen to what Malcolm X says it is amazing. Of how everything he said back then still resonate to this very day. So how far do we really go?
Topic ID: 56 Episode ID: 08zHtwZvFDIELhunUD8Jvu Segment Number: 53 Extracted Segment:  And then I might be a cost there knowing the way insurance is going and I suppose diesel fuel is your next big thing depending on again how much travel but yeah, we'll have a chat with them and it's something that we will look into. So again, if you are a person who lives in your motor home bu in the UK or just anywhere in the world, if you're listening to us get in touch when we give the contact details of the couple of minutes and we'd love to have a chat with you. Yeah. I supposed to close out arm. We're going to do an interview over the next couple of weeks with a registered gasps professor. Sessional so I have a some question that certainly I'd like to ask cause this is an opportunity maybe if anybody listen to podcast would like to send us on some questions that they'd like to ask the register gasps repair installer as well. We certainly love your input on that. So and just pop us an email if you want to get in touch with us. You can email us at after camping crew on Twitter or you can you can email us through our email address which is camping crew podcast at gmail.com. And as well as you know, the Ideas for podcasts or a camp sites like to review or products you like to tell us about any news items you like to discuss on the podcast. We'd love to hear about those as well. And can we remind you as well about Charlie and me are camping Vlog on YouTube at or myself and Charlie my chocolate brown Cocker Spaniel head off the campsites and stopovers commonly known as air and we review them tell you the good points and the bad points and we've also got a sister website called campsite review.com, which has been picking up in momentum and it's nice to see more people.
Topic ID: 56 Episode ID: 38P9opb88LDfRaZFXspJN4 Segment Number: 2 Extracted Segment: We apologize for that. Thank you for those that listen to the first episode. It was only about 7 minutes long and I didn't really speak about very much but all the views, you know important to me in a way and although I'm doing this for my own kind of enjoyment. I think it's it's always nice to get feed back into here that people actually like what you're saying. So hopefully you enjoy the topic of positivity and what I'm going to talk about in regards to it today, which is my experiences with it in a sport setting. Lee and I talked about the potential negative sides of it as well. So they're as I said, I really do apologize there is no gas yet, but I have a couple of people at least who I've been speaking to when I've got topics ready for and I'm going to be rolling those episodes out as soon as we kind of get our act together and put together some content. So let's get straight into it in terms of optimism. I think it's one of those words that's become lost in the meaning. You got positivity which kind of a buzzword of the moment, you know Positive Vibes only that sort of thing which is fair enough. I think in my opinion, they mean pretty much the same thing. So let's go with with my first kind of topic of the day, which is my experiences with optimism and cycling. I don't know how many people are going to listen to this. They actually know about my kind of previous story. But one of the things I used to do quite a lot was cycle on road bikes I went
Topic ID: 56 Episode ID: 29IqKb0qYkDdKRGe70OJPO Segment Number: 67 Extracted Segment:  I don't have that luxury. I don't have those extra people that I can give those detailed Soliloquy tile style size UPS, so I have to get down and dirty with with it and get to work. That's the biggest thing. I'm going to work in supervisor. No sidewalk commanders. That's not what the fire ground needs, especially from its initial company officers. If you're only initial alarm assignment, you should be going to work or at least putting yourself in a position. Where you Can go to work. You shouldn't be standing on that sidewalk and speaking on the radio about nonsense. Okay, and I'm a radio talker. I like to give good good updates on what my progress is on a fire, but it's usually I hope anyway and maybe other people would disagree but to me, it's all I try to speak and relevant terms. Alright, so let's get started with with kind of getting into this a little bit. I'm going to kind of go through my sequence. Okay now granted so this is based on my own personal preference, but some of it is also based on Department procedure. Okay, like for example my department is you better get a 360 if you don't get a 360.
Topic ID: 56 Episode ID: 2w3RIxmAvQbw5lUJFqvYrx Segment Number: 5 Extracted Segment:  Maybe I'll look into doing that soon. I don't have a machine at the moment though. We'll see how we go. If someone has an old machine lying around I'll commit I will absolutely commit. Anyway, I was on the Twitter and I was browsing through some of your tweets that came at me and Dirk said that he's got a few questions for me that he wanted me to talk about in the podcast and he said this is an interesting one. Actually, you know what like the reason this is an interesting question is I didn't want this podcast to just be an extension of my stream. I found a lot of people have asked questions about when I asked about Questions about twitch. A lot of people have asked questions about me personally and like and like that's fine. But you know, I want at least half the podcast to be an insight into what it was like, you know streaming as a full-time streamer for a couple of years and just you know, the back end of that because I think that would be of interest to people especially with how it's which has exploded lately so much has changed since I've been on there, you know since since I've been not streaming
Topic ID: 56 Episode ID: 7xZxuj4gzJ2LrJjugLGqel Segment Number: 89 Extracted Segment:  You may release contaminants back into the system. I have to do a little bit more digging on this and I actually asked spoilin to be on the podcast to talk about filter dryers and I'm hoping we get somebody a rep on because I got to ask him this question because I've talked to tech support about this and I haven't really got a clear understanding of how this all works heating up a dryer might. Or may or may not release moisture contaminants back into the system.
Topic ID: 57 Episode ID: 471d6Wlr6excioaVkqGzaV Segment Number: 4 Extracted Segment:  Hey, this is John Moore or the recliner nerd if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum limit listenership. It's the easiest thing to do and it's Everything you need to make a podcast all in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get started. You can do a podcast if I can and I certainly look forward to listening to it. Good luck. All right everybody. Welcome back to Rangers Nations podcast. Today's episode. Like we said is it's almost spring time. We got a special guest with us today from Rangers from actually from Rangers Maven or Sports Illustrated. He's going to be joining us on the Rangers Nation Rhode show on the on the phone right now. We've got Chris Hallett Chris. How are you, sir? Very good, John. It's good to talk to you talk some Rangers and
Topic ID: 57 Episode ID: 7iDEir5WrREBj5xGybzvS6 Segment Number: 63 Extracted Segment:  Okay, and there's even a creation tool that will allow you to record and edit your podcast. No way from your phone or from your computer. Ok, but will they distribute it for me? Because I don't really feel like doing that stuff either they sure will and guess what what they can do that on Spotify on a podcast on Stitcher on so many I can't even evening. I bet I can't make any money off of it though. Can I that's where you're wrong you can make money with no minimum listenership. What? It sounds like this is actually everything. I need to make a podcast absolutely place. It is literally everything you need. Okay? Well, how do I do it? So all you have to do is download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Remember how I said I wanted to my own podcast without you. Yeah, I didn't mean it was joke. Oh, yeah, sorry. There was no rose ceremony last night. First of all, I'm mad because yeah, that was my first week of paradise and you're already doing this no rose ceremony bullshit on me and you watch for hours being like the least you can do so I'm like next week is going to be to are we going to be off every single week? They'll probably start out with one and then go back to us. Well, I don't know what I'm talking about. So I'm just gonna stop. What do you base this off? I don't know. There's a lot of people's roses that are up for grabs because the guys have the Roses. Yeah.
Topic ID: 57 Episode ID: 7jiyPXUcZmpNSFxUCcEJV2 Segment Number: 4 Extracted Segment:  Hey, this is John Moore or the recliner nerd if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum limit listenership. It's the easiest thing to do and it's everything you need to make a podcast all. One place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get started. You can do a podcast if I can and I certainly look forward to listening to it. Good luck. This is Ryan door. Oh the Texas Rangers and you're listening to the Rangers Nation Podcast. Hey, this is Tyler Phillips with the Texas Rangers. And you're listening to the Rangers Nation Podcast. Okay, everyone. Thanks Tyler. Thanks, Ron. And today's episode is a QA. That's what we're going to do. But before we get into that, let's talk a little bit of winter meetings. What all is gone on so far? I know the biggest news that that scum on right now the Corey kluber trade, which was a great answer for the Rangers.
Topic ID: 57 Episode ID: 6T69HjKwn5CC8pPUvw3WMV Segment Number: 0 Extracted Segment:  All the best for all of us in 2020. Happy holidays Merry Christmas. Happy Hanukkah. Happy Kwanzaa and a very Happy New Year to all of you who who just started the just the best and and appreciate each and every one of you so my name is Danny Pinto. I have been your host of episode number 26 of the sleds on podcast a proud proud proud partner of Portugal dotnet and as alwaysHi, this is Tom Condit from Portugal dotnet and you're listening to the celestial podcast.Is anyone really surprised that Portugal got the group of death? This is episode number 26 of the Celeste sound podcast a proud partner.
Topic ID: 57 Episode ID: 6kV5Xp9YPUdlr9Q7faGczK Segment Number: 0 Extracted Segment:  . Mazo at magical Soul healing.com. Okay blessingsHazel found how's it going? Okay. I've got a quick question for you. Have you ever thought about starting your own podcast? Okay, so I want to offer you a solution and I also want to let you know that I had all of the same questions that you have in your head right now there were so many of them but the answer is really simple. It's anchor so anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting and distributing your podcast. It's exactly whereI'm recording from today the platform. It's an app on my phone. It's so simple it's free. And again, it's really really easy to use. So anchor can match you with great sponsors who really want to advertise on your podcast so you can actually get paid right away like from your first several podcasts and it's why I'm doing this right now. I love anchor again because I can just record from my phone. It's easy to upload edit even make really great.
Topic ID: 58 Episode ID: 2C8CBKF5imucrbCkK3mBmZ Segment Number: 41 Extracted Segment:  What I try to bring my leadership qualities because I was the captain and then I became Captain coach itself often because of my leadership qualities, but I tried to bring that into business and I found that so hard so difficult. Yeah, actually now I'm 44. I think what do you know? I wish I had a buddy. I know what I know now back then because it's not hard. Yes the same philosophy, you know, you just got to get stuck in and you've just got to help your teammates know what their job is and understand how they can impact on you winning and being successful. You've picked up on a keyword that's philosophy. Hmm. The way you think I was listening to a podcast the other day of I think the guys name is Jocko willing. He's a ex-special forces operator from America and he was talking about a battle. I think it was called the Battle of ramadi in Iraq 2004 file for something like it and at the end of the process they there was a particular kind of Part of that battle. We things have gone horribly wrong.
Topic ID: 58 Episode ID: 4I7cDzXzt3oAyJfFKr1wpz Segment Number: 129 Extracted Segment:  That's it this week for the Colin and Samir podcast. We hope you enjoyed that look back into our first business. If you have any questions about that business, you can email us tweet at us and please go check out the video that we made its out on the Lacrosse Network right now will tweet out the link for that as well as put it in the description of this podcast. We're so excited about the podcast in 2019. We've gotten so much good feedback from all of you and we will keep that feedback form. Up for the next week. So if you're interested in giving us some feedback on the Pod you can head to Colin and Samir a.com slash podcast, or you can actually just drop us a review wherever you listen to podcast. Send us an email tweet at us. We check out everything you guys send us. All right. We'll see you back here next week on the Colin and Samir podcast.
Topic ID: 58 Episode ID: 5cNgn9gK0ZTyxDhQ3Lmtm7 Segment Number: 1 Extracted Segment: Before I continue one of the ways, we keep all of our content for you. The listener free of charge is our amazing sponsors, and today anchor is one of those sponsors. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchors going to distributor podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and everywhere podcasts are listened to and you can even make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Dot f m-- to get started what's going on everybody? Welcome to the show. Happy Veterans Day. We are here at the popcorn Talk network talking movies. Today. We're going to talk about a sweet movie. That is factually incorrect. It's called Pearl Harbor. We're very excited about it. We're going to see you guys and just one quick second. Welcome to popcorn Tom featuring movie discussion news and interviewed popcorn talk we talk movie and now here's pop corn stalks action movie Anatomy. Very clear. Nobody cleared that the bald eagle sound affected us and not row never. I could not love him. I think it's perfect. Really. I see like it flying through the mountainous and as Landing here at the studio that's creative decisions. Anybody not us on the show has ever met. Yeah. It really is what an interesting day. I'm so glad you enjoyed the show the way that you did because it needs to be known that we actually forgot that Veterans Day was on a Monday.
Topic ID: 58 Episode ID: 5u21crAIrgjTYtQUQIdYfp Segment Number: 0 Extracted Segment:  Podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get started. Thanks so much, and we'll see you next time.Hannah Brown has responded to Luke peas explosive Reality Steve podcast interview and we have all the details coming up today on Bachelor News Daily. What's up Bachelor Nation Jeff Graham here. And before we dive into today's coverage. We just want to remind you to like this video And subscribe for daily updates after shows and interviews for The Bachelor franchise and all things reality TV last week. Luke Parker gave a shockingly candid behind-the-scenes interview with Reality Steve on his podcast and there were some very interesting. Ian Secrets Revealed and some bold words that question Hannah's credibility on the show The podcasts runs for nearly two hours. So I'm going to just share the big takeaways here for one. Luke says that he didn't leave the castle in Scotland and return against Hannah's Wishes the shot of him walking through the woods and returning was apparently a request from production before the date even started. So producers and directors could rehearse his marks and check for lighting according to Luke Hannah didn't give him a rose because she wanted him to
Topic ID: 58 Episode ID: 73DUyPBLGqGS6dv2SVDB0R Segment Number: 0 Extracted Segment:  Thank you so much for listening. If you haven't yet subscribed to the dude fuel podcast. I hope you'll consider doing that today as well as sharing an episode that you've enjoyed with. Someone you love and care about very much again. I'm Cody Ray Miller. Thank you so much for listening and I look forward to sharing another message with you tomorrow.This is Cody Ray Miller and you're listening to the dude fuel podcast. I started to call this episode one of my rawest and and most real episodes of the dude fuel podcast. But the reality is I think you know this if you've been listening for any amount of time, I'm pretty raw and real and honest in all of these episodes, but what I want to talk about today is just a realization that I've come to and then I'm struggling with and it could be different next Tuesday, but for like this time in my life, right?
