model: bert-large-nli-stsb-mean-token
Topic ID: 1 Extracted Segment: It started. Hey, welcome back. So I want to to make today's episode about this continuing spread of the Wuhan coronavirus. I think the official name for it is the 2019 novel coronavirus, but many people are referring to it as just the coronavirus the the Wuhan coronavirus Wuhan flew I've seen that go around but and I think a good place to start is just a quick recap. Where were at now of course is subject to change. And I'll be talking more about these numbers. But but of course this coronavirus it's new to scientists as of 2019 began in the city of Wuhan, which is in the hoobae province of China City of roughly 11 million people and it back in like November December. That's kind of when these cases first started appearing.
Topic ID: 1 Extracted Segment:  Hey, welcome back. So I want to to make today's episode about this continuing spread of the Wuhan coronavirus. I think the official name for it is the 2019 novel coronavirus, but many people are referring to it as just the coronavirus the the Wuhan coronavirus Wuhan flew I've seen that go around but and I think a good place to start is just a quick recap. Where were at now of course is subject to change. And I'll be talking more about these numbers. But but of course this coronavirus it's new to scientists as of 2019 began in the city of Wuhan, which is in the hoobae province of China City of roughly 11 million people and it back in like November December. That's kind of when these cases first started appearing. And it's a relative of SARS the severe acute respiratory syndrome, which was was a big deal back in the early 2000s. Also close relative of Words, which is similar to SARS. But Middle Eastern respiratory syndrome and very similar symptoms and whatnot. And the same is true for Coronavirus. Now that the mortality rate the deadliness of this new coronavirus. It's still up in the air. And again, we'll be talking more about those numbers a little bit later on today's episode.
Topic ID: 1 Extracted Segment:  To moderate load and just like hold on today's kind of like that too with all the wall balls. Oh, yeah. He like unbroken wall. But yeah, just go for it that the other movements aren't going to be that hard like you have full minute to use. It's not going to be challenging. Yeah holding on and trying to do like 30 plus wall balls in a minute uncomfortable. Yep, definitely comfortable. But if you're looking to sign up just literally type into Google CrossFit Austin and Jewel 2020 is when he's running. Yeah, that's what that I think the wrong. Yeah, well because we have the joint 1919. All right. Yes. Yes. It is kind of right then every year after this. How does that work? Surely? No surely actually, this is another 19. No, man, if you go if you go CrossFit open 2020, I'm pretty sure is what it is CrossFit. We're looking at it right now CrossFit open. 20
Topic ID: 1 Extracted Segment:  That's just sounds crazy and is any I feel like that's how life is like like how we live as human beings. I feel like that signal like whatever road that is sick in the head like that shit is crazy. It came home in 2005 is Michael beIN Scarlett Johansson. Okay. So do you believe in as a mess, but they was in year 2019, but the movie came out. That's crazy. You said wait what the movie came out in 2005 but it takes place in 2019. Really? That's interesting. Do you think they'd be cloning celebrities when they go to jail? Different though, he do like different his body language or or it seemed a little oil. It was possible. I won't be surprised you got money boy. Yeah, but what the fuck is cloning know like I'm confused probably take your baby. Now, they're trying to take they trying to take the um, woman's uterus and put it in min.
Topic ID: 1 Extracted Segment:  You know, I think some of the Chinese Tech Titans for instance that have some real interesting plays in Insurance. They're starting to look at expanding into markets like Brazil and they're one of the things I love. Is that a week we'll have about a my guess is a hundred people from Brazil this year attending so it's good reason for for people from China if they're interested in what's going on in Brazil in Brazil right to attend our events and learn from it. I just think it's a much more robust set of conversations. People can have you typically highlight some big Insurance Trends as part of your 20 part of your Keynotes. I've noticed you've gotten away from the predictions a little bit. But I'm curious. Do you have any any teasers of what to expect for the 2019 keynote? Well, I foreshadowed a little bit this thinking about Technology mainly driving change by driving the cost curves than and and how that in some cases can be so great that it's transformative or opens up the door for transformative business models. I like that idea a lot. I won't be able to help myself but to keep talking about the API application of being sure Tech stack. I'm getting progressively more excited about genomics and the implications there.
Topic ID: 1 Extracted Segment:  Two three tools don't overwhelm yourself with so many resources that you're not making use of them true and proper use of them. So I'm not saying throw away your toolkit. I'm just saying pick a focus and use it. My love's I couldn't leave you there because it's 2019 and I'm going to give you a little peek at the year ahead. You know, the truth of the matter is I actually started ghost of a podcast because I was inspired by the astrology of 2019. Now that's not necessarily a great thing. I do see that 2019 holds within it great potential in all interpretations of that. I meant and so I felt really inspired to create a resource for me to share with you my skills for holding space for what's happening for understanding in a spiritual way what's happening in the world and to find motivation to participate in a way that is sustainable and that also honors the soul. That's really what motivated me to start this podcast. And so as I am about to give you a little for one one on 2019 year ahead.
Topic ID: 1 Extracted Segment:  To be good enough from a storytelling perspective. It's got to be entertaining going face. The camera one-dimensional is not going to cut it long enough. You're just a no offense, but you're probably aren't good enough to run a monologue a monologue is a face the camera first person sitting there and talking for an extended period of time fuck dude. I didn't start my monologue if you guys have seen that it's called talking to myself. It's a segment I do on YouTube. I didn't start that monologue till this past yield 2019. And I've been making content like this for tens 2015 monologues are fucking tough and some of you guys I see you out there and you're just talking face to camera for 4 minutes about you know, how intense your fucking 6:30 a.m. Classes and why you do it like it's great. I it's a start at I'm good with the start. I am I'm trying to implore you guys to get more creative and make better video content. And again, I know the her the the guys out there the guru's are going to tell you now.
Topic ID: 1 Extracted Segment:  Yeah, I think that's relevant because Hannah Hazel was adamant to say that she doesn't hate people on that post that she you know, the strongly dislikes people and she was adamant that she hated this person and it came that post came two days after those forged custody documents. And so it's interesting 7th 2016. Anime turns 19 years old. Same day April 7th. The Wagner's are at Waverly Walmart listed on Discovery under news.
Topic ID: 1 Extracted Segment:  like oh if I tell you what his name is or who it is like I'll get sent to a mental hospital and I was kind of like what but then saw this girl. This is what Like present-day right? Like I think it's 2019 music so and then so yeah, so that's pretty much the whole thing like this whole time you're learning that it's is it a doppelganger? They talk about doppelgangers and you're like what's going on here and the up to here? It's been very grounded and I like who's the murderer? Yeah who's like, it seems very real like you're watching them detect True Detective if you guys haven't seen that but that's what it really feels like and but then you're kind of getting these doppelganger and you're still thinking, you know, maybe it's like a twin or you know something
Topic ID: 1 Extracted Segment:  You were you're cutting down for this prep. I was like what Brian can get leaner than this? Like, I mean this guy cleaners, but I am honestly guys for those of you who aren't dancing going to put, you know, Brian's each other and show notes, but you know, it's an exciting year for you do absolutely but before then obviously you were taken a different kind of pivot in terms of business and you focus a little bit more on on different programs or helping, you know, both people get in shape or Or entrepreneurs kind of pivot in there's how is that going and how are things looking for 2019 in terms of what you're focusing on business-wise? Thanks, Chris. Yeah, there's a lot of things in the works man. And you know, there's been a lot of Shifting I think you know, and I'm sure you can attest this Chris, you know, your first two to five years of Entrepreneurship. I mean heck first zero to five years. So I mean, there's so much you learn about yourself about business so much pivoting that happens repositioning all fours giving new offers. So Chris is soon as as soon as this, you know, my profiles started to take off, you know, YouTube and Instagram
Topic ID: 2 Extracted Segment:  Hers who are pushing a green New Deal and talking about bullet trains and things like that. And I don't think they're going to make a difference interesting interesting. I think they're going to respond to Market forces. I think they're going to do things in a political time frame that runs 20 30 40 years from now and we won't survive that it'll just too late. But yeah, push the green New Deal people to get real. And to acknowledge the science Greta Tim by who is the 16 year old girl about to land on the East Coast on a boat. She's been traveling for a week week and a half now to get to the United Nations climate talks in September well, and she's going to be leaving here in a few days on a solar-powered yacht. Whoa that she's been crewing with like six people. To get herself because she will not fly, right listen to any of her talks Go YouTube and you'll see somebody speaking the truth who has an international audience. Now she does not tell you what the solution on is. She does not tell you what the policy is. She'll tell you what isn't right and she holds herself and other people accountable and that's all we can do right now.
Topic ID: 2 Extracted Segment:  Smell of molasses lingered there for years as I mean you'd imagine it was on everything. In fact on really hot days even now you can reportedly still smell a hint of Sweetness in the air. That's too much it it it's been years. So many years - eight years. I do' my God. Is it been a hundred years? Well what it is? 19 1919 1920 19 would that have been a hundred years? Yeah mistress like many hundredth Year Mother of God mother of god. Wow, Boston weirdos, please wait and firm up in 2020 Ashley when it's the hundred and one the year. You know what I didn't want to jump on that Centennial business. I said, I'll do it next year when it's gonna wait for the Centennial to blow over right? Just too much. Yeah too much on it right there. Yes a lot of I get it exactly. I don't deal well under pressure. It's fair and yeah, that's the story of the great Molasses Flood or as we learned locals refer to it the Boston Molasses occur. Oh my God. I just I love portmanteau. See, you know, yeah. Yeah amazing amazing. Incredible Suite that one. It's it is it is short, but sweet you could say Christy I've wanted to do it for
Topic ID: 2 Extracted Segment: Welcome to fighting for female a podcast about women of the sports industry and their Journey To Success. I'm your host Libby Gilliland. Men had been allowed to leave the coast of the United States in rowboats Bound for Europe. They couldn't very well stop me just because I was a woman these are the wise words of Tori murden McClure 21 years ago. She became the first woman to row a boat across the Atlantic Ocean by herself rowing across the Atlantic wasn't a challenge enough Tori. Murden McClure didn't just throw her boat. She built her boat and this isn't the only record-breaking Expedition. She took she Graduated from Smith college with a bachelor's degree in Psychology from Harvard Divinity School with a master's in Divinity and graduated from the University of Louisville school of law as well as obtaining a master's in writing from Spalding University and is now the president at Spalding University. Tory is a shining example of strength perseverance and women empowerment not just in sports, but in all aspects of her life and today we will hear about her life and journey through her eyes.
Topic ID: 2 Extracted Segment:  To understand why st. Helena was such a key part of the British East India Company. You have to understand a little bit about Maritime trade routes before 1869, which I know sounds boring, but it's actually not so I promise now what's so important about 1869. Well 1869 is when the Suez Canal opened which enormously changed worldwide Maritime routes, but don't worry about that for right now. We'll get into it later before 1869. There wasn't really a great way to get from Europe to Asia or from Asia. To Europe by see there were essentially two routes and though the routes were complicated. The choice was simple you could go east or you could go west we'll go over both options as if you were starting in Europe and trying to get to Asia. So if you sailed West you'd start by going across the Atlantic Ocean, but then you'd run into North and South America and because of the Panama Canal didn't exist yet. You couldn't go between the continents you had to go around them. Now you could try to go up north of North America, but that would mean navigating the Arctic Ocean and because of ice Is that route wasn't really feasible. In fact, it wasn't even completed for the first time until 1906 which meant your only real option was to go South all the way around the southern tip of South America. Then go north west across the Pacific Ocean then you'd get to Asia. So that's the first option. The other option was to go east and if you're starting an ear up I get in theory there were two ways to do that one would be to sail north of Scandinavia and Russia. But again because of ice in the Arctic Ocean that wasn't really feasible so there
Topic ID: 2 Extracted Segment:  We were it's like the cold and all that stuff the worst right and it's not even cold out here for race through it's like 80 degrees yesterday, but yellows, we hope everyone had a great New Year's. We hope everyone everyone has a great year, you know 2020. I have a lot of like personal goal myself this year. So, you know going to be working hard to make those real. Yes. No, that's awesome. What are some of the goals that you are looking to do? So I so I mean this might sound a little cheesy, but no it's what you want to do girls. So, you know 2020, you know, everyone says like 20/20 vision Clear Vision, so I wanna Rebuild like my finances. So I want to try to get my credit in order. Yeah, hopefully, you know next year get a house. So this year is like getting all that and also I want to lose weight. So amen say I mean, that's everyone's like New Year. Yeah like New Year resolution, but no, I really have to do something about that this year and also,
Topic ID: 2 Extracted Segment:  But now that we've you know, kept it pretty dark the less how many minutes have we been recording like 20? I guess we'll just talk about some end-of-the-year roundups. We only have about two weeks left in both the year 2019 and the decade which is huge and I'm actually want to do a whole episode talking about my year and my decade because this was actually my first full decade of life and 2019 was a huge year for me. It was a great year for me. I loved 2019. Such a good year a growth period I had all these great opportunities. So I think that would be a fun episode and yeah, so expect that coming your way in a few weeks. But with that being said our next story is about times 2019 person of the year Greta thing Berg. I'm sure you all know who Greta is by now, but the I love this story she truly was the person that you know, she's so young. She's done so much this year. I'm That she's getting respect from time because we all know someone else isn't going to give it to her. I'm not going to name names, but I think you all know who I'm talking about. And I know like this is a little vain but the cover data came out really great. It's a great raw picture of her and it doesn't look like they even really reach touched it and I think it this was a great choice. It was a safe choice. I don't know who else they would have chosen besides her just like with everything.
Topic ID: 2 Extracted Segment:  Contender for next season I don't either but if like I said if everything's firing on all cylinders at the same time, they should at least be in the conversation begin at least championship. And you talked about facing the Nationals 20 times next year what lessons can they take and learn from the Nationals 2019 World Series team? Wow. Yeah good question. I would probably say that, you know the value of spending on guys that are worth spending on they gave big contracts to guys like Patrick Corbin who ended up being an integral part of their run even though the Mets play Corbin really well in the regular season. He still pitched very well and got them to where they dammed it up. Yep, I think
Topic ID: 2 Extracted Segment: All right. Well, hi everyone. So this is geography ninja and this episode we're going to be talking about Europe but it's really a particular idea of Europe and I thought the timing is probably right to do this because Europe is big on the edge. Gender if you're in the UK or actually anywhere in Europe, of course, it's big on the agenda. But we're looking at brexit day for the United Kingdom on Friday the 31st of January. So this is supposed to be the official date that the UK leaves the European Union, and I don't know some people may be celebrating other people are feeling not very good about that happening, but I thought well for Geography ninja we've already done a couple of previous podcasts on the geography of brexit and I thought well, I've just finished reading a really interesting book and that book is called Rule Britannia and it's brexit and the end of Empire and this is by geographer Danny dorling and Sally Tomlinson. And one of the one of the issues raised towards the end of the book. Is this this idea of
Topic ID: 2 Extracted Segment:  Mixing a few years 2020. I hope to find a new creative Outlet because I just need it. We all need that and then I hope that I don't monetize it. I won't monetize it my new outlet. I will not monetize. You heard it here. You heard me declare it just so that it can stay my creative Outlet. What about you Diana? What were some of your biggest lessons this year? I have to keep saying this year because I mixing up 2019 and 2020 so much trust me. I just got all the time. Like I'm like I do that every year. Here, but at least 2017 wait wouldn't be a better now that it's 2020 like would we be more like, you know, 2019 and 2020 South so different so maybe we will even I don't know if it's like this year this year. I don't know. Yeah. Okay. So for my lessons of 2019, I feel like I approached it in a way that lessons that I learned last year that I kind of Applied this year if this makes sense, okay. So one of the things that I've really focused on Coming better at is to trust my intuition. I actually signed up for Megan mrs. Program. We had our on the podcast talking about intuitive execution and having fun in your business and I loved everything that she said and I was like, this is exactly what I need. So literally maybe like a month or two ago. I started to yeah start this program called intuitive execution and started to tap into my inner voice and start to trust my gut more. Like don't you guys hate it when you have situations where you're like I
Topic ID: 2 Extracted Segment:  Guys go away.20:19. What a good year 2019 was great, especially in America the worst year ever had Health crisis Morales climate climate change freaking storms earthquakes around the world of politics. Yeah the deforestation. Shh, it's just man. We're a mess. So thank God for technology at least. Yeah things that make us happy second. We should always say that segue. Hmm in this little segment. We are going to discuss our top three. We each chose three of our top three pieces of tech that we use this year. Now. It didn't have to be really we tried to have it be released this year, but that didn't matter we may have bought it this year. And so we'll go back and forth buddy. All right, so you start what's your number? It doesn't matter.
Topic ID: 3 Extracted Segment:  Good morning. It's time for Choppers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side, but don't brush too hard three. It's science week. And today we've got some riddles to work your brain. Here's your first one when you look at stars and the Sun or the moon's cratered face you use this type of science the study of outer space. What kind of science is this astronomy astronomy? Switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush your molars all the way in the back to astronomy is the study of the stars planets and space and it's one of the oldest Sciences for thousands of years people have studied the night sky long ago before there were clocks to tell us what time it is people use the sun and stars to figure out the time and ancient sailors use the Stars to travel the Seas and make sure they did.
Topic ID: 3 Extracted Segment:  To find a way to help people to bring it back to themselves. So that's what I want to focus on this year. I want to be able to share ideas in a way that is helpful, but people are always adding it to everything that they already have within themselves. So it's just a little extra like my classes are a little bit of support their Community, but at the end of the day, it's you it's your art. It's what you're doing. I want that to be really important and this is my way of sort of switching it up a little bit and creating class. Isis that support that that's awesome. It's really exciting when we see here and talk about, you know, the next course that's coming true and the amount of work that we're going to put out this year. It's staggering, isn't it? Yeah. Well, we have done a huge amount of planning already for this year, which is a first for us. We really like thought about what we want to put out for 2019 and it's shaping up to be a really big year and I thought that maybe I should give a little bit of an update. Should I we put it in the book? Yes, what's that book earlier? So the makers yearbook is something that a resource that we've been using to help us with our planning for 2019, which they're putting in some big ticket items in there. Didn't we we did so yeah, we've got quite a lot going on. So what people can I guess expect from us over this year is we are going to continue creating mixed-media minis in some kind of form. They may change a little like what I just talked about, but we're going
Topic ID: 3 Extracted Segment:  But we have power to delete this. So yeah, right if you listen to this then we didn't delete it. And if you're not then uh-huh, then we did then we did good. That was really good. Keep it up. So this that Scandal yeah, I'm Kendall and I man, oh this is so only our friends not even our friends are going to be listening. Is that knows who else? So I guess we'll explain why we're starting a podcast even if we don't know the reason yeah and like a little bit about ourselves and I don't really know where this episode is going to lead us, but we might be doing like 2019 reflection like 2020 goals. Yeah, we'll see we're gonna listen to this and be like this was actually horrible. I know you doing was nothing like I hate my voice. Oh, I know you are it's not yeah, it's fine. It's okay and tell us about yourself. Oh, no. I already just talked a lot. So, it's your turn. Okay. Well, my name is Kendall middle name, I'm Kendall.
Topic ID: 3 Extracted Segment:  mine's Behind these beautiful new sounds that will guide our journey together go by the name of star birth of flower room records the names of these musicians themselves are ash Brooks and Matt LaJoie. If you love the sound of this music, please support their work on bandcamp follow them on Instagram at Starburst and flower room records. I will have links In the description to this podcast below these two are extremely incredible. They created a piece of cosmically tuned music for you to listen to every day for the year of 2019. Go to flower room records that bandcamp.com and look for the record of the Year 2019 to learn more and get their Astro musical calendar for the year ahead. This episode is for Wednesday, March 20th, 2019 today. The moon will be in the sign of Virgo until later this evening stimulating us to get organized before the equinox and the peak of the full moon in Libra this evening. Technically we've entered the full moon phase. So some of our harvests will start to show its flowers and fruit today.
Topic ID: 3 Extracted Segment:  Happy New Year, everyone. I'm so excited to be embarking on this journey with you in 2019 and will be sharing more about the new year to come. For now yesterday. I released a two-week Transit overview of 2019 and how to work with the energies that are coming up for the next two weeks. If you are not yet on my mailing list, I invite you to go to Starry alignment.com to sign up and get this weeks free two week trial and sit report channeled by me and from the heart. All you need to do is go to Star alignment.com. Sign up for my mailing list and get this report for free. Also this week only I am offering 25% off all of my readings to celebrate the eclipses that are coming this Saturday and in the third week of January and also to ring in the New Year. So if you're curious to learn more about how to connect to your astrology for 2019 on a personal level.
Topic ID: 3 Extracted Segment: Hi everybody. Welcome back to Astro coffee hang out. My name is Tony Darnell from Deep astronomy dot space and today we are going to be talking.With member from the Dark Energy survey collaboration who among a great many other things like trying to find out the nature of dark energy. This collaboration is using their observations to do lots of other science namely to help measure the expansion rate of the universe and my guest today is dr. Ed McCauley. He's from the University of Portsmouth in the UK. He is member of The Institute of cosmology and gravitation there, which is a cool sounding place and I would like to learn more about what's going on in that Institute. I'll tell you that so we will and we're going to talk With our guest here today, but before I get before I bring them on. I just want to say that these Hangouts are endorsed by the American Astronomical Society and they are we every is we're now even though we're scaling back a little bit. This is only the second I think Astro coffee hang out for the year. We are still trying to bring the latest in astronomy discoveries in science to you and the paper this paper that we're going to be talking about today. There is a link to the
Topic ID: 3 Extracted Segment:  Recommended if you would like to schedule a reading with me and know how this amazing Transit is going to impact you. You can email me at astrology Now podcast at gmail.com. You can visit my website and schedule yourself at inner knowing dot yoga, and please call those drawings and house Instagram astrology now underscore podcast, and astrology now is on Twitter astrology now underscore. Again, my name is Christina Diaz. This is astrology. No, thank you so much and happy 2020.Hello everyone. Welcome back to astrology Now podcast. My name is Christine Rodriguez. And this is our first full moon forecast of 2020. Oh my gosh, where has the time gone? I cannot believe is the new decade. I know there's a little bit of controversy over whether or not to thout 2020 is going to be the new decade or 20 21, but in my head and how I observe, it's the new decade. So happy new decade. Thank you so much for tuning into astrology now and I our full moon forecast.
Topic ID: 3 Extracted Segment:  Welcome to navigate the future. I'm your host Malay Mishra. I maybe 12 years old, but I see myself as a futurist for listeners that are wondering what in the world is a futurist a futurist is a person who studies the future and makes predictions about it based on current trends. I'm very excited to bring you quality content every other Monday like always if you ever have any suggestions, feel free to comment or voicemail me now for the episode on this episode. So we're going to be talking about the year 2050 in segment one. I'll present a list of gadgets. I think we'll be here by 2050 in segment two. I have a special guest joining us for an interview and segment 3, you will hear an immersive experience about 2050 all that while keeping it fun and engaging so sit back relax, and let's get started. I appreciate listeners giving their valuable time to listen to this podcast. So I'm going to try to make sure that it's going to be very fun and engaging stay tuned because we have a short break keep listening to navigate the future with Malaya Mishra.
Topic ID: 3 Extracted Segment:  looking upHello, everybody. We're back for telescope talk Pro. Our bike is for bi-weekly. Now with this hangout. We've checked the way things have changed for 2019 and my name is Tony Darnell from Deep astronomy dot space and today's hangout. We're going to be talking with people from the planets Foundation. Now, you guys are probably remember them, but I'll reintroduce them. Anyway, we did a hangout series for many months called the XO life hangout where we talk about life in the universe and what we're going to need to find life in the universe.Telescopes going to need and all that kind of stuff and we did that for several months. And then we just sort of had to go our own ways because of because of differing schedules and things like that. So we're back with that team. We're going to get an update about the XO life telescope. Now, if you don't know what that is, you're going to learn to all about that this hour because it is a really great initiative that I've been very excited about sort of obliquely involved in whatever way I can help and I just love these guys
Topic ID: 3 Extracted Segment:  You will lose people but it will be replaced with so much more than you can ever imagine. So don't be afraid focus on the future. I promise you even if things don't look so good right now, even if things feel difficult early, you're lost or things are out of place trust that things will get better soon. And I'm just saying that for my own experience. I have a lot to tell you guys and maybe I'll tell you in next week's episode. A lot of good stuff has been happening. Oh by the way those of you who In the LA area where in California or who want to be in the LA area on June 26th? 2019 Miss Lee or Alexandra the lie or Alexandra and I will be hosting our very first joint event. It's a my very first event it will be a panel all about stepping into your infinite power. This is going to be our whole journey. We're going to discuss our Journeys into stepping into our power and to realizing our true Powers into using the law of attraction. Ian how we took our lives from a negative place to now where we are today in our mindsets and our entire journey and it's going to be the first type of event that lie or does like this one. It's going to be very different type of event is going to be an intimate event with only 30 people. So if you guys want to reserve your spots, I know it's only about a week away, but I would love to see you guys there. I'd love to meet you in person discuss with you. We're going to have a panel a Q&A session and a meet and greet at the end for those of
Topic ID: 4 Extracted Segment:  To be friends with more streamers. I started be active on social media. I just changed who I was I really literally rebranded. I was one thing at the time and then I changed my name. I changed my attitude. I literally my entire personality. I did in one day without telling anybody and it has been working. It's been around six months since I've decided to do all that. I have changed everything about my channel and honest to God my streaming content has never been better. So in that time I've learned that I don't want to just be a streamer. I want to be a content creator. I want to do more than just hit go live tent then to just post tweets. I want to get more involved in all forms of content creation. So that's where I am today. So when it came to this podcast, I actually got the idea from a segment that I do on my twitch Channel Co coffee and contemplation. That was my baby. When I first started it. I thought it was it was actually that's what I wanted to do when I first started streaming on Which is I want to have this talk show but I always for some reason so hesitant to start everything up but a flip switch to in me one day and I rolled with it. I started coughing contemplation it quickly became my baby. So that's where coughing creators come from. I have coffee and contemplation on Saturday morning. So my life Channel and then I also do coffee and reflection at night on.
Topic ID: 4 Extracted Segment:  It doesn't work. I mean, I think that they think there's something to that they say. Wow, it's human and it's okay, you know, we're all here together in this crazy thing called High School, right? So so those are two things that I would say are huge for new teachers. Those are actually quite good what new ideas. Are you implementing? Do you have anything on the horizon something that you you're like, I want to try this thing. Yeah. One of the things is that I've thought about, you know, having new sort of as you recall them products, you know our shows our products. So I've thought about there's some kids who are interested in podcasting. So right. All right, let's let's figure that out and we're we're far enough into the school year now. I think we're getting into a Groove. So I've had a couple kids that have experimented. It's interesting. They've experimented With It On The Rise. Um, they They have three cameras set up and they just switch the cameras in it and post right to show. So what it looks like first one was good at looked pretty good. I think they were a little too scattered. I think a lot of the kids said the feedback was hey stick with one topic right and and go through instead of bouncing around. So podcast is something but something else that I'm more of an internal thing that I am having.
Topic ID: 4 Extracted Segment:  #is all hands on deck and instead of looking at it as you know, a v 1 and then the Loft and then the rise in film studies, they're all connected and especially if you get a kid as a freshman to go through and then the older kids can mentor the younger kids and so for me the reason I do it and keep pushing it and is because I want it to be, you know everything for You kids right that makes sense. If they're interested in learning how to podcast. Let's do it. If you want to do learn After Effects and you want to show me that every week you're making progress. Let's do it. So that that's what I'm just always striving to have it just wide open for kids to be able to go into one of these areas that we teach let's talk briefly up route your program. How is it Structured and how many students per class this year? I have two av1 classes and they are you know 32 each and you know, it's it could have calendar system like you have with everything that that's coming up. So the kids can kind of look forward and see what we're doing and and just like we've you've kind of talked about this a little recently and some of the Facebook discussions.
Topic ID: 4 Extracted Segment:  And as life goes on I come into contact with other people who want to be friends and I help them succeed. I have information to give I'm willing to give it and that's how we supposed to do this. That's what this internet thing is supposed to be about us sharing information with each other and helping each other figure out how to succeed. I mean before this we all had to just you know, figure it out on our own and make mistakes and it would take us longer to get to a place where we were successful now literally children can get online. They can download podcasts. They can watch videos they can go how do I do this and they can learn you can learn I can learn we all can learn. If I need to learn how to speak Portuguese, I can go online and I can learn how to speak Portuguese just by looking it up following instructions and going along with it.
Topic ID: 4 Extracted Segment:  Standard will y be given that time frame because our poor tutor has to listen to all his students podcast and if we were all making podcast that were about 30 minutes to an hour long, the poor guy would be sitting for days on end just listening and listening so completely get why we're given that time frame. However, if all goes well, I might continue this podcast series as a little side hustle of my own and I can start posting and sharing more extended versions of episodes and have longer episodes that run for However long I want them to run so that's cool. Another thing. We asked to do for this podcast series as we asked who promote it on social media at least once a day for the next three to four weeks. So if you're following my personal social media Pages, or if you're following any of the pages, I have created that are dedicated to this podcast series at Kia order podcast on Facebook Instagram and Twitter. There's a little plug right there. So if you aren't following them go check them out. They're just little babies. Don't have many followers at the moment. They just want a bit of love and attention. So if you're following my accounts, my personal accounts, all those accounts are created for this podcast series and expect to see a whole lot of content coming from me within the next three to four weeks. I'll be honest and say that the whole social media side of this project freaked me out and the beginning because it does require me to put myself out there, which is scary sometimes but it's exciting at the same time. It's good to come out of my shell.
Topic ID: 4 Extracted Segment:  Helps one of you as well again. Be sure if you don't already follow achieves on Twitter and Instagram and everywhere else. I really enjoy his analysis. I think he's one of the smartest guys in the game right now, no doubt and if you want to go ahead and follow us on Twitter. I'm going to be posting more updates sending out tweets of updates and questions and just different thoughts that I'm having on the game and different thoughts that I'm having about this podcast. I like to interviews, which I'm going to keep to about once a week right now, but I might be just posting thoughts that I have throughout the week and do some more monologue type things. Let me know what you think about that idea. I'd be interested to get some feedback on it. You can find me or the podcast on Twitter at chasing gcp OD that's chasing GC pod. So follow us on Twitter, and of course, you can find the show on Spotify and now Apple iTunes podcast working on getting it to other places as well. If you have somebody or some place you prefer to listen to podcast let me know and I can figure out a way to get it there. And if you also would like to ask a question of a guest in the future or me. You can download the anchor app on Google Play or the app store and find chasing Grand champ podcast right on the anchor app. And you can leave me a voice message directly and I could always end up using that in a future show. So I think that's
Topic ID: 4 Extracted Segment:  Cool. Yeah, I mean I am grateful for all those things as well not to into golf. But in addition I'm just grateful that that I've had a father and family that are supportive of the things I want to do in my life. You guys have never gotten in the way I guess of my kind of vision of where I would like to live and where I'd like to work. How I like to live my life, so I'm hoping one day I can have a family and passed that on to my kids and then also to live in a country like the US where you know, I can wake up and decide. Hey, I want to start a podcast Inspire other people to create and go for their dreams and that in a week's time after I get in equipment and finding a location and finding my friend. Teen Vicario Marty Vic's to help out with the sound and everything. If you heard the intro today for today's podcast, that's all Marty Vic's go DM him. If you want you want a little sound bite for your podcast, but it's it's beautiful that our country our government, you know allows people like me to go do these things.
Topic ID: 4 Extracted Segment:  You know, we're so busy trying to raise our kids to do the absolute best thing that they can and to grow up to be the best people that they can and in the meantime, they're teaching us everything they're changing us and teaching us everything about life. And so I when that happened the other day were Cason was sharing with me these motivational videos that he had been watching and that he's been watching Every day, I was just moved by that and thought you know, what I could do a lot more listening to my kids and probably learn more than I can when I'm busy doing research on the computer for content for my podcasts, you know, and so that led me to an end another idea where I would actually like to interview my own children on a future podcast episode. So it's on the to-do list, so stay tuned for that but Way the point of today's podcast is to to be kind of vulnerable with you and to really be honest and to talk a little bit about struggle and I got a message today. This is what prompted all of this. So I started working on the podcast content about being adaptable to change and being able to roll with the punches of Life a few days ago. And then today I got a message from a friend of mine who is going through.
Topic ID: 4 Extracted Segment:  Now I'm going to step back from pouring your cereal. I'm going to step back from making your lunch step back from stuffing your cleats with newspaper and putting them on the under the heater or on the vents. You need to be doing those for yourself and then finding a way to support them to master the skills to do it for themselves. So maybe you could do this. I invite you to maybe look at that over the holidays so you can set hit the ground running on January the 6th when your kids go back to school. And they'll be doing a little bit more you might have to set the alarm a bit earlier or they might have to set their alarms a bit earlier. There's another thing are you waking them up or they getting up themselves that could be something you aim to to do over the holidays have a conversation with them come up with a plan. I'm going to make another podcast on that and how we empowered our son to be able to get up and out of bed for himself. I'll show that because that might make quite a good podcast. So I hope you found this useful remember never do for a child that what they can do for themselves and it's not cruel to never do it for them and no longer do it for them. It's kind. So thank you so much for listening. Don't forget to look at the podcast notes and get all the details for the revolutionising Parenthood conference that is coming up in April 20 20 and Philadelphia. So calling all of you lovely listeners who might be fortunate enough to live in that area and you can get there easily.
Topic ID: 4 Extracted Segment:  Rising lie, well, it's good so far but I I had quite an adventure with that video, but I'm glad that it is out in the world now. So yes, please subscribe to me on the YouTube. I would greatly appreciate it. Let me know what you think on those comments in the Thumbs Up Button preferably use that button. And then yeah just as always you can also download the anchor app. Up and send a message to me there whether it's feedback about an episode and answer to a question a question for the show. Whatever you might have. You know, I would love to put more of those recordings on to future episodes as well. So that's a really cool feature that has not been utilized enough on this on this podcast, but I would like to use it more. That's all I'm going to say about anything that has to do with rocket league for now. Again, thank you so much for coming to hang out with me. It has been a real treat. I hope you enjoyed yourself. I definitely did good. I am I had fulfilling conversation. So I will I will take I will graciously take it with me, you know into great future endeavors that I pursue same. Thank you so much. Well, it was a pleasure. Yeah. Thank you so much. I've nothing.
Topic ID: 5 Extracted Segment:  Got a name like cocoa or something and it's like, you know, that's not it but also that's a great man and clearly we know one. That sticks. Yeah. So yeah, he's actually referenced as that from now on in the book which is interesting. And so, you know what happens after that is because the Press Club and I think it's right then to write because it happened pretty fast in our four chapters the murder. Yeah, so we kind of get there's like a little sprinkling of of like his newspapers, but he's giving him like a little bit. I think it's the the photographer odd Bunsen advancing. Yeah giving Which sounds like a muppet a game. Yeah. It does sound a little bit like bigger. Yeah. Yeah Bunsen a big party over here. Yeah, as you guys may know I recently discovered something that everyone has already known that Spotify is awesome. Spotify has a huge collection of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now. On Spotify you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to you offline. Wherever you are. You can also easily share what you're listening to you with your friends on Instagram, which is really cool. If you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for paranormal captivity on Spotify or browse podcast in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me and Julia and all of our many many cats. So you never miss an episode of paranormal.
Topic ID: 5 Extracted Segment:  On flavor and just let it go and find his own voice. Okay. So I think the next thing we need to do you need to you need a whole pile of different types of content the statement the statements are the ones that are getting the most traction out there and I would say you could do one or two of those a day. And how you structure them is a whole other podcast. But again, I would study people that are viral out there. Josh will be for everyone neither will all egg or Bridget but I think there's a guy called Adam Kaepernick who seems to have got the right balance on on his posts in terms of a big picture message and they have a story to hook you in and then and engage then bit of a Engagement with questions and all the rest for people to debate at the end. Okay. So the next thing I think goes to what Gary Vee always says and there's two two points here one is tell a story don't sell so your brand should be all about you communicating value out there sharing value or from people who are creating it.
Topic ID: 5 Extracted Segment:  So what is it exactly? What do they provide? Well for one? Obviously, it's free. They have a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. I've had to use this multiple times you make a podcast you want to edit some stuff out. You can use their tool directly from the app or in the computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms. Is one of the best things that I like about anchor is that they automatically distribute your podcast to different platforms all over the Internet. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. So I want to say a couple more things about that podcast with Ethan and Theo one thing they talked about was how growing up. Oh, yeah, so it was super interesting to me because Theo was like, yeah, I feel Like I don't want to grow up sometimes and I remember sitting there thinking like what the fuck you talking about? You don't you don't want to grow up? You know what I'm saying? Like dude, you're 38 years old like you're 37 years old like you're grown up dude, you know, you're not a high schooler or a college student on the verge of being an adult like you are a full-fledged adult brother. So what are you talking about? You don't want to grow up and then Ethan brought up a good point how if you don't feel like you have had
Topic ID: 5 Extracted Segment:  Of Android making great tablets, but when that first Nexus tablet came out, it was actually really really good. So I especially for the price I think it was like two hundred dollars, you know, like the iPad Mini was like 400. Yeah, and they packed in like some amazing value. So I agree with you there that Google might be more for that budget device, especially with them controlling the software. They can make that a much better experience with lower specs. So yeah, if you're watching or listening sorry listening to his pockets eventually, we'll be able to watch But if you listen to the podcast and you have thoughts on this, you can go to the Anchor app either the app itself or just go to Anchor dot f m-- and then check out Gadget cast you can leave us a voicemail tell us what you think and maybe we'll play it on one of the next episodes and leave us a question there as well. I think it's an interesting conversation piece, especially with this week where they will be unveiling the pixel for and pixel for Excel we know this for sure because we've seen so many pictures and videos and everything up. But that it exists. There's no other thing but yes, if Google could figure out a way which I believe this to be impossible to fake leak stuff for next year and then come out with a completely different phone on stage and be the most Savage company in the history of everything so sad. Oh my God, let me ask you something. Let me ask you something. What what what do you think Google needs to do here to have like a winning strategy like what's up price point what sort of specs because you are a big critic on the iPhone starting with six.
Topic ID: 5 Extracted Segment:  Like screen recording just like slowly like read the text and then it's just a video but then people are just reading text. So it's not like it's their sound behind it. Was it just like yeah, you can put like elevator music behind others that can be kind of funny if it was like a I imagine and I think I was just like there's a podcast for everything because they're like have you seen that podcast? That's it's the podcast but it's literally called the podcast but outside too. They just they're just like go to parks and like record. I mean, they're like pretty funny but this is on Spotify. I don't know I am it's I watch them on YouTube. Okay, but I don't know. It's just like a funny concept because like the first one I saw was just like a camera guy because there Like La so you can't like record anything like yeah, so it's just like these camera guy like across the sidewalk and like a guy comes up to me says hey, do you have permission to record here? He's like, oh, I'm not with them in these like, oh, you're not with them. He's like no, I don't know those guys and then you're just recording them for fun. It's like yeah, he goes up it he goes up to the guys recording the podcast and they're like, hey, do you know this guy recording you?
Topic ID: 5 Extracted Segment:  Owens by the way, us politicians are still arguing about whether there should be a minimum wage. So I really hope you enjoyed the audio version of one of our YouTube videos. If you did, please do consider heading over to wherever your podcasts and leaving us a review it be greatly appreciated. You can also say hi to me on social media at Simon Whistler. Check out our YouTube channel on YouTube just search toptenz t.o.p. Tean Z, and I'll see you next time.Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm your host Simon and in today's episode. This is the audio version of video that we originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you like this show, please do consider leaving us a review or ever get your podcasts. That would be awesome and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler, you're watching top 10 net. And in the video today. We're looking at the top 10 ancient laws that were way ahead of their time. Number 10 animal rights the law. It is illegal to over ride a horse for say we can docs to do excessive work or threaten an animal with angry vehement switch breaks bones courtesy of brand law ancient Celtic animals have often been seen as worth only how much work they can do before they die. They have been tragically taken advantage of in the hopes of their owners collecting a large profit. This law was probably written at least 4,000 years ago and it proclaimed that work animals were not to be abused or taken advantage.
Topic ID: 5 Extracted Segment: Talk about all the time with no minimum listenership. We get paid from this podcast out of your pocket, but from the sponsorships, of course, it's everything you need to make a podcast one place guys, the One Stop Shop anchor so download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started talk about anything. You want to talk about sports politics Finance like we do. I want to hear it. Send me a link on DM J our capital. I want to hear it guys want to hear what you got to talk about on your podcast. Just like everyone else's man. Anchor dot f m is the site download the free anchor app to get started today. What's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the official Jr. Capital podcast. My name is Carlos the CEO of Jr. Capital and the host of the podcast. Thank you so much for spending your Monday with me. It is Monday January 21st, 2019. The markets are closed due to the Martin Luther King holiday and a well-deserved holiday for dr. King give a special thanks to all his fighting for equality in this great nation. So again, this holiday is well-deserved to dr. King and
Topic ID: 5 Extracted Segment:  Eric this is gonna be like rookie of the year. Yeah, bro throwing fastballs. Yep. Well, we'll see how it plays out. So that was our news. We're going to take a break here for y'all to enjoy this lovely ad reads from anchor and then we'll be back to do an update on our Dark Horse breakout picks and a little weak to reaction and waiver wire analysis. Y'all don't go anywhere. We will be right back. What's up guys? It's Josh. And Bob here with the big three IDP podcast. No Markham is not a ghost. He is just very excited to tell you about anchor which if you didn't know is the easiest way to record edit and distribute your podcast. There's a few things we want to tell you about it first off. It's free second off the his creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple podcast the Tin Cup that you keep attached to a string next to your bed anymore places. Yeah, you can make money from your body gasps. That's with no minimum listeners. Yeah, that's a big word for you Adam. It's probably what else do we need to know everything you need to make a podcast in one place and we're going to take it home with Adam for some reason, you know, what's not to love about that, right, you know down the Frank a but go to hang out on FM lose his sword. All right type of phone is that what type of phone is that? That was guy at the end of his?
Topic ID: 5 Extracted Segment:  Can't kill me. That's another one from that same vipers that no one ever coats and it's such a good one. It's that same little girl on the same day with the doll and everything. Well, this is in the kitchen and she goes I'm a bad bitch. Imma imma bad bitch. That's the mood for 2019. Okay, that is the mood. So, what did you do that? I went to Primrose Hill to see the fireworks all over London and then I went clubbing but literally for 35 minutes because you ever have those friends that when they get drunk they just vanish. Hmm. Yeah, so that Normally, it's fine. We need to group not so fine when it's just you two. We've got an incredible episode coming up including an interview with all the Alexander of years and years a listener asking for advice. But first, let's see. What's Poppin on social media David's out for a good time a Spotify original podcast. Our first story is about Modern Family star twenty-year-old area winter. She plays Alex on the show and a cute New Year's Eve post the Modern Family star shared herself and her 31 year old boyfriend Levi kissing. She had a drink in her hand of champagne. It looked lamb. It looks classy very much New Year's 2019 mood. Do you agree? Yes. It did. It. Did the photo had almost 50 thousand comments most of which were calling her out for drinking underage. She later said it wasn't hers but her boyfriends and she was holding it for the photo. Do you believe her to be honest? I don't give a fuck like maybe.
Topic ID: 5 Extracted Segment:  dominant life-form on Earth. So I really hope you enjoyed the audio version of one of our YouTube videos. If you did, please do consider heading over to wherever you podcasts and leaving us a review it be greatly appreciated. You can also say hi to me on social media at Simon Whistler. Check out our YouTube channel on YouTube just search top 10s t.o.p. Tean Z, and I'll see you next time.Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm your host Simon Whistler in this episode. What we do is we have the audio version of a YouTube video that we put out for your listening convenience. If you do enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us a review wherever you get your podcast say hi to me on social media and Simon Whistler and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler, you're watching top 10s and in a video today, we're looking at the top 10 species that would dominate. If humans died out.
Topic ID: 6 Extracted Segment:  Hang on YouTube, which I never thought I would ever have a YouTube channel. I have written a book, which I'm going to be reading from today and I have dedicated my life to pelvic health and women's health issues and natural living and all that comes along with that. So it's very different than where I thought I would be way back in 2003 when we were talking about the American physical therapies vision. See why why you know, it's crazy how things can change. So anyway, all that to be said Happy New Year. I hope I'm able to get this, you know published on New Year's Day the first of 2020 and right now today what I think I'd like to do is actually just read the introduction of my book lady bits. I have it right in front of me and I don't know if you had a chance to listen to episode 1 which I put out. Out a couple weeks ago and I had said that I plan to be reading from my book and kind of just reading it to share it with the world in a different way and I have I wrote this book five years ago in 2015 is when it was published and my plan was actually to create a new version to create a revised and expanded second edition of this book.
Topic ID: 6 Extracted Segment:  Energy back after doing something big both of you guys are up to really big things comments on a ship that kind of year. We have so many people about the set New Year's resolution. Yes and aiming bigger and I'm just curious for both of you Amy and Gary like first of all, what are you celebrating right now to end 2019 and more importantly, how are your site now set on 20/20. Like how do you goal set? How do you Vision set like what's going on? On you first thing. I mean, I'm excited about my new book. That's pretty much my 2019. I mean like the end of a decade. This is our Heyday at Amy TV like January new year new me. It's a new decade. Like we're just gonna have so much fun with that. But you also can't get so engrossed in that thing. It's very easy to have New Year's resolutions. It's totally different thing to execute and actually stick with something I have it isn't a habit because you called it a habit. It's a habit because I'm becomes habitual. So yeah, so I think that's that's A lot of what's in front of me. I mean like as helping people understand that they actually have the time to do the things that they want to do if they care about it that much and I Gary you've talked about this ad nauseam. How late are you watching Netflix at night? What could you be doing, by the way? It's very easy to get 7 hours of sleep. If you know your you want to wake up early and do the thing that you want to do and I have such a totally different perspective I think about where I was 10 years ago. It's probably when I discovered Gary read crush it and 2009.
Topic ID: 6 Extracted Segment:  Judgment Consultants McKinsey & Company, which concluded that the top 25 percent of companies with a gender diverse executive team were 21 percent more likely to experience above-average profitability than companies in the bottom 25% something that's not crazy. Would you get that I got that I got that off of I don't know which specific website but I know it was a about just facts and things that are happening in 2019. So this is actually super like recent it's not something that I pulled out from like 10 years ago. I'll specifically looking for things that were happening 2018-2019. So things are irrelevant now and I could tell you for sure that women were in many leadership positions at companies like 20 years ago like nowadays you're seeing with Women become CEOs of companies left and right and that's a great thing to see because now you're seeing more perspective. You're seeing what a company can flourish to when it's not on the you know, the grip of greed or grip of just men stereotype the group of men in the group agrees. It's a fact there's way more men in leadership positions and CEOs of companies in the world. Tell me I definitely know that to be fact, but you know what? We're in the age of Entrepreneurship everybody's doing their own thing.
Topic ID: 6 Extracted Segment:  And I said hello to you. And you said hello, ma'am, which turned me right on you were about I would say 20. I was about 20 years your senior. I knew I could make you feel good and make this bus ride a lot better.
Topic ID: 6 Extracted Segment:  This is the time. I know I waited a little bit to get to this point where I'm going to try to inspire motivate, but guys it is time to live your Berry very best life in 2020. This new chapter this new season this new this new book that you're going to write of your of your life this new decade. It's time to change your life, but it's always going to start with your mind. I always look around and I see people not doing things and I say if their mindset was just a little different they would probably be living a completely different life. And again, I always say this because I want to throw it out there. I don't have it figured out. I'm not perfect. I have issues. I have things I'm working on. I'm not consistent very well.
Topic ID: 6 Extracted Segment:  Reed yeah, that's it. What's the first book you're going to read in 2020? I've got it all I've got it on my list there with me right? Well Dan's finding that Emma. What's yours next one shout out, but I'm think I'm going to read James Miss but I've pre-ordered it. When's it out? I don't know must be soon though because know it was out to preorder. Yeah, actually, I will I will tube. Yeah, I saw it on Amazon. I've probably quite I've already pre ordered raw surgeries.
Topic ID: 6 Extracted Segment: Welcome to the cycle of scoop. I'm Alex Hall said from 24/7 Sports and Cyclones alert.com and this episode of the Cyclone scoop. I'll be joined by Iowa State tight ends coach and recruiting coordinator Alex ghoulish who helped put a bow on Iowa State's 2019 recruiting class Iowa State just wrapped up the 2019 recruiting class with national Signing Day signing one more member to bring the total to 21 signees in 2019. And Alex goal is will help talk about all things recruiting will dive intoSome general topics, whether that's the transfer portal that's getting out of steam or how Iowa State unearths. Somebody's under the radar prospects, but also talk a little bit about Iowa State's 2019 recruiting before we jump in with Alex ghoulish though. I wanted to touch on really Iowa State's 2019 classes a whole how it came together some of the things that stand out to me and and then you know, what's ahead kind of maybe a little bit in 2020? Let's start by talking a little bit about what this class is like I Said at the top Iowa State Signs 21 members in this 2019 class, which is about what we expected when this class began that was kind of always the projection is that Iowa state would end up with around 20 prospects and that number can always change throughout the year. You have guys leave early for the NFL like Iowa state. Does this year with Hakeem Butler and David Montgomery you have attrition all those things open up scholarship spots. They change numbers they changed needs at various positions, but all in all I see 2019.
Topic ID: 6 Extracted Segment:  End of the year episode where we chat about the lessons that we learned throughout the year. So for this episode we're going to be chatting about lessons that we learn in 2019. Hopefully some of you can resonate or relate or learn from what we've learned so far before we get started. I want to encourage you to leave us a review on iTunes Spotify Stitcher or wherever you get your podcast. You already know that we love hearing from you and help us to spread the word by screenshotting your episode and sharing it on Instagram. All right, let's get started. I can't. Okay first I have To say I can't believe that we're recording this and it's going to be a new decade like 2020 sounded. I don't remember when you were a kid and it's like 20 like that just sounds so far off and here I am hiding old and hiding my gray hairs with Balayage but it is the most 2020 and 2019 was a weird one for me. So my first lesson maybe my biggest lesson from the year has been about Claire. So Clarity in my business and what I want so since I started my business as a side hustle in 2016, I've done like all the things. I've had an Etsy Shop. I've taught workshops privately and publicly for years. I actually just stop that this year. I launched online courses. I've coached other creatives one-on-one. I've had group coaching programs. And right now my focus is my membership creative Biz Circle. I had a YouTube Diane and I have the podcast. I guess. I still have a YouTube. It's up there and now I'm
Topic ID: 6 Extracted Segment:  talk about alcohol. We're going to talk about sex drugs and rock and roll. It's called that for a reason but really the reason I bring them up is because I want to understand that person better as why their music was as poignant as it is solid. Just just throw it out there. Let it be so let's let's get Rockin so it all started where his personal life kind of picks up off Wikipedia. Is he meets a girl? He's really young. It's 67. He's born 47 He's 20. Yep, and maybe 19 she becomes pregnant and he just proposed on the spot Ellen says and interviews. That's just what he thought you had to do. What you did back in 67 what you did. Hey, that's what happens but something happened where I don't know if she really wasn't pregnant or she may have miscarried. Okay, something happened, but that baby didn't end up matriculating. So three weeks before Ellen ended the engagement. Okay. Okay, and it wasn't I wouldn't say it's because she actually wasn't pregnant. I think it was if I could guess it was just your 20 and you don't know. Yeah, you don't know what you're doing not gonna marry this random girl. Who's no longer pregnant. Yeah, but maybe was not pregnant. I'm not gonna drag her who knows the full situation, but that's that's the straight facts of it. Then in the 70s. He reportedly fell in love for the first time with his manager John Reed they were together for five years. This is
Topic ID: 6 Extracted Segment: Welcome. I am free. I'm a doctor of physical therapy the founder of fem Fusion Fitness and the author of Lady bits understand your body elevate your health and reclaim your spark. Naturally. My mission is to build community and awareness around Women's Wellness and pelvic health. I invite you to listen laughs learn about and love all of the bits that make you whole let's go to the show. Hey there. Okay, so it is New Year's Eve 2019 and I am hoping that if I'm able to you know do this right? I'm still new to podcasting. I'm hoping this will be released on the first the first of a new decade. Oh my gosh 2020. It's crazy thinking of how how far I've come. I shared this in an email newsletter to my Femme Fusion follow. Reserve tribe or whatever we want to call that my friends. I'd rather just call it my Femme Fusion friends. I shared in an e-mail newsletter recently about 2020. I remember back in physical therapy school. We were talking a lot about the vision 2020 from the American Physical Therapy Association. They had some things in place that they wanted to happen by the year 2020 and it was just crazy because you know back then I was in PT school from
Topic ID: 7 Extracted Segment:  Today and True Crime was created by Max Cutler is a production of Cutler media and is part of the par cast network. It is produced by Max and Ron Cutler sound designed by Kerry Murphy with production assistants by Ron Shapiro Joel Stein Maggie admire and Carly Madden this episode of today in True Crime was written by Angela Jorgensen. I'm Vanessa Richardson.Today is October 20th 2019 on this day in 1944. A Coroner's inquest was held in Los Angeles regarding the violent death of 20 year old oil heiress Georgette Bauer dorf in life. Georgette was an upstanding socialite free of Scandal that only made her sudden violent death all the more intriguing. intriguing for the press and the public
Topic ID: 7 Extracted Segment:  And the last question is double question from Liam and he has asked after a poor game week. I think I'm going to use my wild card. What are our thoughts on rotating goalkeepers? What is Twitter handle? He's we're having handle is add a field. Beer lover. You gotta get that shit out of my God. That's an amazing question. And I know in the last seconds, I wrote it down wrong and I wrote down. All right look. Yeah. I just realized. Oh, that's how I feel beer lover. Yeah. I'm yeah, he he's also asked he's going to Germany next month. Have you ever Been and if so V any recommendations, well, you've been to Germany ton of times and I was in Munich just before Christmas. Yeah, I have the fortune Nest experience of being in love with a German woman. Yeah. So yeah. I've been to Germany many times and yeah, what was the question but Germany and have you and have you been in have you any recommendations like in general? This isn't right in general, like maybe we're to visit walk beers to drink, you know what to see prostitutes. Red light districts. No, I'm I mean all I've ever really done in Germany is drink. So yeah, beer-wise just stick local classic, you know, I mean every just breweries every fucking 10 minutes in Germany. So wherever you are just going to be City like so just ask for a local beer that day bear might recommend. Yeah the dudes a weird local shit and it's you know before I listen, what's this IPA shit craft beer, you know kind of kicked in. This is a this is the
Topic ID: 7 Extracted Segment:  She refused to reveal her real identity March 1922 claims that Anderson was a Russian Grand Duchess first received public attention. Most members of a grand duchess. Anastasia is family and those who had known her knew. She was an imposter, but others were convinced you as Anastasia later in 1927 a private investigation funded by the tsarina's brother Ernest Louis Grand Duke. Sir, identified Anderson as Francisca shlonsky a Polish factory worker with a history of mental illness after a lawsuit last thing many years. The German courts ruled that Anderson had failed to prove that she was indeed Anastasia turns out all this is fake news the event in mind serving as a mass grave near yet or ten berghe which held the satisfied remains of those are his wife and three of their daughters was revealed in 1991. And the bodies of Alexis I and the remaining daughter either Anastasia or her older sister Maria were discovered in 2007. These remains were later put to rest at Peter and Paul Fortress her Possible's I've ever will has been conclusively disproved scientific analysis, including DNA testing confirmed. The remains are those of the Imperial family showing that all four grand duchess were killed in 1918.
Topic ID: 7 Extracted Segment:  the myth of Anastasia started when her family was executed later people found the bones of the father her mother the two sisters and even a maid but not of Anastasia or Lex I her younger brother because Anastasia's bones were never found many people claimed to be her and the reason why they did this was just to get the money that the romanovs had the like earlier mentioned many people did claim to be Asia including Anna Anderson, she was born in December of 1896 one interesting thing is in 1920. Anderson was institutionalized in a mental hospital after a suicide attempt in Berlin At first she went by the name Fallon on the Kindle, which is German for Miss unknown. She refused to reveal her real identity March 1922 claims that Anderson was a Russian Grand Duchess first received public attention. Most members of a grand duchess. Anastasia is family and those who had known her knew. She was an imposter, but others were convinced you as Anastasia later in 1927 a private investigation funded by the tsarina's brother Ernest Louis Grand Duke.
Topic ID: 7 Extracted Segment:  Those which an unnamed librarian would save from destruction over 200 years later. Everything seemed to be finally going box way. He had an employer who not only let him do what he wanted but paid him well for it best of all there was no choir of incompetent students that Bach was expected to teach he could devote all of his time to his own music over the next few years Bach in the prince took a number of trips to explore the hot musical destinations of Europe in 1720, they ventured to Carlsbad a spa town just across the border from Germany in the modern-day Czech Republic but Bach returned to a shocking piece of news while they were gone his loving wife Maria Barbara had died at only 36 years old after a brief grieving period Bach found himself in a whirlwind romance with a court singer named Anna Magdalena. They were married on December 3rd. See Teen 21 Bach was 36 and Anna Magdalena was just 20 on a contributed to Bach's musical career during their time together. She continued singing and acted as a copyist for box music. They would have 13 children many of whom became musicians and composers themselves. Just a week after Bach and on a Magdalena wed Prince Leopold married his own cousin frederika and rieta on December 11th 1721.
Topic ID: 7 Extracted Segment:  Main producer of this podcast that you're listening to along with senior producer Brian Landers. She is a producer so I get to work with my dear friend and a partner on this labor of love that we call your first million and now I get to interview her I get to have her on the show. So we've already done the interview we did in Munich as I said and it's like super Super low-key too. So she'd she's German. I mean, I'm just, you know, put that out there queer German girl on Twitter and Instagram. She's Jeremy. So she has this like a lot of Germans have this sort of really even Keel temperament and you don't really know like I'll just talk about Anna so I won't talk so broadly about Germans, but with Anna you don't really know if she's stoked about something and I've learned her her. Language her body language and her her expression, right? So she says something is good. It's great if she says something is okay. It's pretty good, you know, so she she gets excited or she laughs or something. It's like, oh boy, I've really struck struck gold so, you know listening and yes, I fangirl over her a little bit because she is adorable. What are you gonna do? But you really I mean, I love this one because we talked about we're not talking about
Topic ID: 7 Extracted Segment: If I had done this a long time ago, it would have saved a lot of pain P e-- alarmed woman frantically searched the area hoping she might be able to find the woman in time. But as she scanned the hillside for movement her eyes landed on a body already lying in the Ravine below police recovered the body and ran the story in the local paper in hopes of idea. NG the deceased it wasThe dead woman's aunt and uncle who put the story together the body belonged to the promising actress and fledgling Hollywood Starlet Peg Entwistle two days earlier Peg had told her uncle she was going out to run errands and meet a friend instead. She had climbed the service ladder of the Hollywood H and thrown herself to her death. This is the dark side of a par Castor original in this show. We will delve into the Seedy underbelly of Pop Culture icons and historical events. We aim to expose the ugly truth behind cultural moments and public figures. We hold most dear proving that there is always more to the story than meets the eye at par cast. We're grateful for you our listeners you allow us to do what we love. Let us know how we're doing reach out on
Topic ID: 7 Extracted Segment:  Gar. I'm but we def Iraq and as like a good chance we went. Oh, they went I think his load of bollocks. I don't think we want. Okay. Okay, Zack your first fiery please mark is variously. There is the royal family killed Diana right? Here we go on the night of the 31st of August 97 something terrible certainly happened. Diana was killed in a fatal car crash in Paris and the effects will be felt around the world. So so she was obviously a much loved woman in this world. She'd recently was Princess people's princest and she's real. Divorced from Charles Charles and you know but really Rockin can control a car he was about to go she was about to get married to Dodie. Yeah, though D elf Farid Fayed. Yeah, and so he would she was in Paris and she was in a I don't know which tunnel it was, but she unfortunately was killed by a car crash apparently, but so the
Topic ID: 7 Extracted Segment:  Argument that ha Newson was killed due to these photographs, but how credible was it? We can't be sure it was written by Pierre van passin a respected Dutch journalist who'd written about her new sand for red book. We don't know his sources, but he definitely wasn't some Kook pushing conspiracy theories for attention. Although we don't know exactly how involved her Newson was with the operations of the Nazi party. We do know that he was in deep with the party's members and knew its inner workings that that knowledge may have led how Newson to become arrogant about how much sway he held over his Nazi friends. That's the theory writer Arthur J. Magnate. Uh, suggest led to Hannah Sam's death in his book the Nazi Seance the strange story of the Jewish psychic and Hitler Circle. Maggot o writes that in February 1933 a Newsome was running low on money a theater owner stiffed him on an advanced saying he didn't think he knew some would bring in enough audience members to justify the pain. When high news and threaten to walk the owner pointed out that wouldn't be good for his professional reputation after all shouldn't a psychic have known that he was going to be swindled and refuse the deal in the first place. I knew someone was the stuck and desperate for money. I knew certain tried making more money by turning his newspaper from a weekly to a daily a move which only angered his main competitor dare angriff the daily pro-nazi paper written by Propaganda Minister Joseph.
Topic ID: 7 Extracted Segment:  We can't be sure what the note means but it's interesting to interpret it within a Russian cultural context regardless of what the note said, the underlying message was clear. No matter what his affiliations were George Stein was in danger and the police were unable to find George Stein's attackers. But Stein was undaunted. He continued his search for the Amber Room despite the masked man's threats and he suffered the consequences. Winces the summer after The Intruders attack Stein's wife Elizabeth was discovered hanging from the seller Rafters did Elizabeth kill herself or was Elizabeth death connected to her husband search for the Amber Room. Our story will continue in a moment after a brief message. Now our story continues decades after World War 2 many investigators believe the missing Amber Room could be found in a secret Nazi bunker George Stein counted himself among them. But death followed Stein search for the Amber wall panels in 1983. Stein's wife was found dead in their home. Stein's contacts began to fear that he was in danger.
Topic ID: 8 Extracted Segment:  Fantastic, I think we're wearing 100 percent agreement their tour. So look, I think it where unfortunately coming to the end of our time. So to I just give you an opportunity if you've got any Pepsi if you got any closing thoughts on where you see the Bitcoin ecosystem, you know, add a projecting out over the next few years and lastly then just finish up with how the listeners can find you and sign up for updates. Yes, so you probably have show notes. So so I'll probably have a link for that like we have investment research that we share our General market research actually and and then people can find me on Twitter. Just Google my name and the first link is my Twitter account. I'm there pretty much every day and then in terms of where I see the market going we're putting out a piece soon that will be out. I want to say next week, but it'll be within the next. Two weeks. We're putting that out. And and so I'll refrain from summarizing it. It's it's got to be in there. I guess the the basic idea is that we are currently in the accumulation phase as this is where the retail public is not interested but it is at the same time. The phase were value investors are accumulating Bitcoin and it will form the basis for the next bull market Fantastic. Look, that's all been really great.
Topic ID: 8 Extracted Segment:  This bullshit knows some just like oh man. I don't know what I'm going to do. Well, what are we going to do today? How about that is your topic because something has sparked your interest and set your mind of fire because I believe yeah, so today we wanted to discuss the latest earnings call the da had for their investors. So this would be the Q3 physical 2019, which is the basically the most recent holiday quarter. Everyone who just fell asleep at that no, wait, hold on interesting. Don't leave just yet. No, so I guess the headline that comes out of this is is well, the main one that I think is most BioWare specific is the fact that EA CEO Andrew Wilson said specifically that
Topic ID: 8 Extracted Segment:  Mill Bay so I'm wondering if there's some sort of Terminator ask type. Okay infantry model also worth noting that this point. Sorry Matt, they might already be on your page. I'm not sure they've released rules to use the new variant of the tank of which I can't remember the name of the Repulsor but not the repulsive other one the new on so you can use it in Death white Space Wolves blood angels. Is it an Executioner's? Yeah, that was just an oversight in public gets addressed in the Let's face it upcoming Bock. Yeah, so yeah, that's cool. So that's what kind of new release stuff. But like I said yesterday, I think it was Games Workshop publish their 2019 financials and it is a record year for them the third in a row. So, you know, it's almost as if like interacting with the community and putting out awesome products and teasers and stuff that people actually wants actually pays off who'da thought only that I know is interested in seeing all the business our analysts on Twitter, you know talking About Games Workshop in they were saying like how many companies can say like man, we're doing awesome right on an awesome Trend. Yeah, everyone else has kind of gone to pot in there like the share price has gone up ridiculous. If you bought shares that, you know, five years ago and Games Workshop never worth a fortune now in the far future of the 21st Millennium, there is brexit under construction and gives me so much with a few key points. I thought you know interesting to us. I'll be types something about that key.
Topic ID: 8 Extracted Segment:  it takes time like there's time for things. There's gonna be failure. This is why I think's take long. Yeah, because when you you're gonna fail you're gonna have to test the waters, you're gonna want to see what you want. You have to learn the ropes. You have to learn the markets same thing with me when it came to learning stocks. You have to learn the market. It's not something that you just jump in and yeah, I'm going to make a thousand dollars immediately that no because you have to learn the patterns. You have to learn them. Laughs you have to learn Market predictions. You have to learn the past history. You got to look at invoices you had to learn about companies and got to read up on confidence. Takes time it are you willing to take that time and that goes back to that. You know, I can't say it enough but that drive that motivation that Spirit. Do you have that in order to push you like will you last?
Topic ID: 8 Extracted Segment:  smallerWelcome into the fundamental analysis show on chitchat money. Today is May 6th 2019. So for reference all stock prices that we talked about but from that date today, we're going to be talking about tell doc something that some people have heard about it's a fairly popular stock, but it's one that we liked a lot and it's might have fallen under a lot of investors radar. So we wanted to talk about that, you know some information on it, you know, we think people are probably going to be pretty interested in this thing, you know, not saying that people should buy it and not a common name. So a lot of people might not know about it. So yes, exactly. So I'm here with Ryan as always. Do you want to go into a little bit of tell Doc's history and what they do? Yes, so I'll start with what they do tell a doc Incorporated is a telemedicine company that uses phone and video conferencing technology to provide on-demand remote Medical Care Via mobile devices that is straight from their website, but very wordy very vague. The basic is the basics of is tell a dog helps connect users to medical professionals.
Topic ID: 8 Extracted Segment:  They charged me to keep up-to-date with like stock market news events stuff like that because for Traders we look for Catalyst most most of the time in stocks. So that's like FDA approvals. That's Pretty much anything guys, but so, you know make they you can make like a watch list of stocks that you would like to trade or you know, learn about companies skin businesses newspapers and maybe some like Financial websites like MarketWatch or you know, something like that. So for day Traders, you never hold a position overnight very Very rare, will you hold a position because we're dealing with these price movements. So the stock is already up 40% and you hold it overnight. It is most likely going to sell off like crazy pretty Mark and that's where people blow up their accounts because they get fomo which is an emotion fear of missing out and they want to hold to make money or they get greedy.
Topic ID: 8 Extracted Segment:  And search for the how to trade stocks options podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss out on a new episode of the how to trade stocks and options podcast. So yesterday we talked about Apple's earnings today. We're going to be talking about Facebook. This is the how to trade stocks and options podcast brought to you by 10 minutes doc trader.com. Hey there, Tim and Traders and welcome back to the how to trade stocks and options podcast where we give you the tools tips and tricks to help you trade faster and trade smarter. I'm your host Chris for you'll photo on the top 100 people in finance for 2019. And today we're going to be focusing on Facebook earnings now Facebook. Actually, I was looking at my phone this morning and I saw at the NASDAQ was up again after two trail yesterday with apple and the fed the FED essentially saying that they are going to be holding rates steady. And that they will continue easy monetary policies, which the stock market likes. So the stock market after that kind of exploded upward and then Apple earnings yesterday exceeded expectations on price, even though the top and bottom line results were both below expectations. So you never can tell how the earnings report will impact the stock price. So anyway, so today we're talking about Facebook now Facebook. Well, I was looking at my phone. So this where I was
Topic ID: 8 Extracted Segment:  And as the weeks passed and our talks with Spotify continued, I found myself beginning to let go to stop resisting the inevitable changes. I even started to get excited about them. There's a lot to be excited by Spotify is a big successful company with lots of smart people. If I was just worried about keeping things the same there would be opportunities that are admits. But we still need to make it happen. The deal wasn't actually signed there still a million little niggly details to wrap up and we're approaching a deadline spotify's quarterly earnings report Daniel X PR team had been preparing for weeks for that deadline the plan was to use the earnings report to then publicly Proclaim spotify's Ambitions beyond music and a big part of that was announcing the acquisition of us, but Daniel could announce that until he had assigned merger agreement a hundred. Page flushing out of the terms put forward in that Loi the letter of intent and late into the night before he was supposed to appear. We were still finalizing the language.
Topic ID: 8 Extracted Segment:  Oil and if we didn't figure something out in that year we were done. So right fast this of course was the beginning of what eventually would become Business Insider which today employees 500 people and reported a hundred million dollars in Revenue last year very different from what it was in the beginning and what kinds of things were writing what you remember like one of the first things you wrote back in the day. Yeah. I mean we were all writing. We we were writing about seven to ten stories a day each. I would say and we were writing about the internet industry. And it's what I knew how to do is to do Financial models and we used to talk about research that had come out was this price Target crazy was it not Executives would leave they would get into scandals. We talked about that. We do original reporting. What was the moment that you knew it was like, oh, this is a viable business. It was extremely uncertain for many of the first few years, but the big story that that launched us early was I got an inside read on a big layoff that AOL was doing and and once we publish that we became the morning read for everybody at AOL. So suddenly thousands of people were checking the site every day to see that there was an update on the impending layoffs and then they happened and we Chronicle that we we started getting mail from all over the world because the global company so they have to fire everybody in France before New York wakes up. So all of our sources emailed us all of the firing documents and so it was like having a mini CNBC focused just on the AOL Leo.
Topic ID: 8 Extracted Segment:  The average you can see here after we saw that $100,000,000 Bitcoin order put in here right around April and we saw Bitcoin jump 24% That's really when we started to actually go away from that 50-day moving average, but you can see initially we went above it here right around February of 2018. And that's really when the bear Market finished and that's where we started to bounce on that 50-day moving average. And this was very reasonable, but this is really Lee where we started to see bullish momentum start and I think it's because when people saw that 100 million dollar order, like I said, it was February of 2019 that Cambridge analytics which is a analytics company for hedge funds and institutional funds that managed over 300 billion dollars in debt and assets be issued that recommendation for investing in cryptocurrency and blockchain technology for the first time and shortly after we saw that big institutional order come in and in my opinion you haven't yet seen the majority of Institutional orders come to this market and we're going to start to see those over the next couple of months into the next couple of years, but you have to understand that the adoption of this is going to take a very long time, but I'm going to talk a little bit about why it's very possible for us to see Bitcoin at that $20,000 level very very soon at least in the near short-term long-term future if that makes any sense. So I would say in several years. It's very very possible for us to start heading back towards our Highs, but I wouldn't necessarily say that we're just going to start to jump.
