model: roberta-large-nli-stsb-mean-tokens
Topic ID: 1 Extracted Segment: It started. Hey, welcome back. So I want to to make today's episode about this continuing spread of the Wuhan coronavirus. I think the official name for it is the 2019 novel coronavirus, but many people are referring to it as just the coronavirus the the Wuhan coronavirus Wuhan flew I've seen that go around but and I think a good place to start is just a quick recap. Where were at now of course is subject to change. And I'll be talking more about these numbers. But but of course this coronavirus it's new to scientists as of 2019 began in the city of Wuhan, which is in the hoobae province of China City of roughly 11 million people and it back in like November December. That's kind of when these cases first started appearing.
Topic ID: 1 Extracted Segment:  Hey, welcome back. So I want to to make today's episode about this continuing spread of the Wuhan coronavirus. I think the official name for it is the 2019 novel coronavirus, but many people are referring to it as just the coronavirus the the Wuhan coronavirus Wuhan flew I've seen that go around but and I think a good place to start is just a quick recap. Where were at now of course is subject to change. And I'll be talking more about these numbers. But but of course this coronavirus it's new to scientists as of 2019 began in the city of Wuhan, which is in the hoobae province of China City of roughly 11 million people and it back in like November December. That's kind of when these cases first started appearing. And it's a relative of SARS the severe acute respiratory syndrome, which was was a big deal back in the early 2000s. Also close relative of Words, which is similar to SARS. But Middle Eastern respiratory syndrome and very similar symptoms and whatnot. And the same is true for Coronavirus. Now that the mortality rate the deadliness of this new coronavirus. It's still up in the air. And again, we'll be talking more about those numbers a little bit later on today's episode.
Topic ID: 1 Extracted Segment:  Yeah, if everybody's celebrating Christmas coming up have a Merry Christmas and everybody is not celebrating Christmas whatever holiday celebrated have a happy one. So I don't think anything negative about anybody who's celebrating the other holiday. Just be good to each other so name end of that. Anyway, see you guys next Friday embrace the chaos peeps.Hello, it is December 19th. 2019. This is loose screws. I am your host I Worsham with me is the one the only driver knows. What's up, dude. How you doing? I'm doing well. My girlfriend however, either has the flu or strep or possibly the plague so.I guess you could actually argue the flute is the plague. But anyway, she's not doing too good not feeling good. So we're recording a little later than normal in the evening because I was trying to get things arranged a little bit.
Topic ID: 1 Extracted Segment:  Alice's of the situation as well as the I guess impact on the economy because of course that's where my mind often times goes. So quick recap. This is a novel virus. Which is related to or in the same family as the the czar's which was the severe severe acute respiratory syndrome, which there's a significant outbreak of in in China and Asia back in like the early 2000s as well as merge which is Middle Eastern respiratory syndrome, very similar virus. They're all coronavirus has this one hasn't been given a name yet. It's just a coronavirus which originated as far as we know at least from the city of Wuhan. In China and thus far it it, you know, it produces.
Topic ID: 1 Extracted Segment:  Bath I know what else happened in 2019 they all kind of run together because we're old and has he - how old are you 37 man? All right. You're the oldest. All right still the oldest 34. Okay 33. All right, we're doing 30 44. You're throwing 34. I think so Sarah's 51 like mr. Kellogg. She says she doesn't yeah. She's so serious 51 and I'm 23. So yeah, I don't know what else happened that you did tell me earlier that that you had is nothing to do with you as a 19. I assumed maybe it happened last year. It's possible. Maybe it didn't but at some point in your life you had both a staph infection and chlamydia. I did have been dying to ask you about this. Yeah, so, I don't know the year. I was 21 or 22 and 1921. Excuse me. It was when Marissa was like just coming out going around big time. Right? Just they just discovered video remember like sorry Josh you're in high school. You weren't watching. I was in elementary school for all you know time is contract man. Like Mercer was going around fucking killing people left and right. It was a big deal and the news and I went got a haircut got the the straight razor shave on the back of my neck and within like a day or two, you know, you get little
Topic ID: 1 Extracted Segment:  How many I'm the oldest of five five, you know someone by that family of TV, they need something to distract them to record this podcast. I mean what that's a lie. There's a gentleman we are in a Cupboard and in fact is quite spacious cupboard. It's like you got a window and everything is great. That's what how good houses our cupboards like that. It what is the film the film that I have bought to discuss this week is the 1995 movie kids directed by Larry clock, right? Okay, it's written by Harmony. Korine interesting nineteen-year-old Harmony. Korine. Timoney. 19 19 years old when they when he wrote this year. Okay, and if the listeners are like me and haven't even heard of this film before you mentioned it. What's this film about? Well, I thought a really light-hearted film for you. This week. I'm not good because that's the Fountain of the family. Not only the super light and Airy really something for all the family family film. Okay kids is a coming-of-age movie set in New York One Summer in 1995. It takes place in a 24-hour period following a group of skateboarders led by essentially two main characters Casper and Tully as they go around looking for girls to essentially devirginized that
Topic ID: 1 Extracted Segment:  All Aboard 2019 on it. So I mean they fold evade merchandise. I don't think that this is a fluke. I think that a hundred percent. I mean we know that there were construction issues but there had to be construction issues because they wouldn't have released merchandise to the public with a date on it. And this merchandise was released in November of 2018. Correct? Yes, November of 2018. So maybe a year or less than a year from when they plan on opening it? I would think that that would have thought a bit about a year after the release this merchandise again, they were being very very colloid about any specific dates. And then the coming soon to Walt Disney World page said fall 2019 still says fall 2019. It does as it is recording doctor before we started and as well as the Disney parks log, there are three or four posts out there that say fall of 2019. It just is very very interesting. It's interesting that Disney announced that Disneyland is getting this brand new attraction. Ye Parade balloons awesome Disneyworld delayed but parade balloons. We're getting a new attraction over here ultimately now with Mickey and Minnie's runaway Railway opening spring of next year. What is its purpose? It's going to you're going to miss the first six or seven months of galaxies Edge arguably the busiest six or seven months of its tenure. They can't really hype it against galaxies Edge. Nobody is going to Hollywood Studios for Mickey and Minnie.
Topic ID: 1 Extracted Segment:  I mean China might still be 90% for weeks to come. But but if we're talking China being in the millions of infected, you know couple weeks from now that still is tens hundreds of thousands. In other countries, right? You're going to see it really begin to spread here to these other countries and and you know the death rate and I mean, let's talk about that. I mean the mortality rate according to official numbers is still in the low single digits, two three four percent in and add a number of cases. Is deaths I think that that number is going to well first of all, we don't know the total number of confirmed ads. There's deaths there's a lot of reports coming on to China that they're just skewing these number that's there's a lot of individuals no relatives of the deceased individuals that say that you know that the hospital said it was some respiratory thing or pneumonia or something but didn't definitively say it was coronavirus and so it wasn't, you know caught in that total tally. Right, but then on the other hand, there's also the number of confirmed cases, which is just not accurate. I think what we can say that this point is is you know that the fatality rate the mortality rate may not be as high as SARS right now ten percent, you know, Sarge was around 10% will see what it looks like when it when it starts to hit some of these other third world countries third world cities.
Topic ID: 1 Extracted Segment:  You know, I'm still kind of convinced that they might be listening to me, but I think this is happening for you. A co-worker of mine had is gonna sound silly but she had brought an a brand of cough drops that I'd never heard of before. It was knew we were talking about how I never heard of this cough cough before and I didn't Google it. I didn't get on my phone and look it up and I'm scrolling through Instagram like maybe an hour later and all of a sudden there's an ad for this cough drop. Alex Goldman, how do you explain that? Are you friends on Facebook with this friend who brought in the cough drops? Yes. Okay, but can I can I add a caveat? Sure. I wasn't friends with them until after the cop Robin Smith boy.
Topic ID: 1 Extracted Segment:  Things going to go over here doing some random stuff. Really. I got a couple questions that people ask your so we'll go over these things here. We'll we'll shoot some shit with each other and do a little catching up here. Yeah, absolutely good. So I'm sure there's a good handful of people who probably don't know that That we hang out in our how we've actually met. You are the first time meet me. Yeah, I want to say it. Was that the that meet. Where was it Corpus Christi? Was it the soda strength? Not so that's right. No. No. Yeah. I'm a way before that. What was that me cold? I don't remember but I was back spotting you. That was a four. It was the Corpus Christi mean it was supposed to be meat versus me versus Jay Mike and dentist Kearny NJ. Yes. Yeah, but neither one of them showed up. That's correct. Yes.
Topic ID: 2 Extracted Segment:  Towards evening as the sun went down dark clouds covered the sky the Thunder rolled the lightning flashed and the red light glowed on the icebergs as they rocked and tossed on the heaving sea and all the ships were sales and reaped with fear and trembling. She said calmly on her floating Iceberg watching the blue Lightning is it darted its forked fleshes into the sea? When the first sisters had permission to rise to the surface, they were each delighted with the new and beautiful sights. They saw but now as grown-up girls they could go when they pleased and they had become indifferent to it. They wish themselves back again in the water.
Topic ID: 2 Extracted Segment:  That kept my legs dry. Yep, and you know, which is really important. Yeah, everything I had going on in my rear end and then just layering the clothes on the top half. So as we started paddling just take one layer off to the point where we were just down to like some shirts and come short paddling. Yeah. Because it got that hot. Yeah, we're still just dripping in sweat. Yeah. So what's interesting is the very information you get from the organization itself, but also the information you see on YouTube and other people talking about the races everybody emphasizes. How cold the river is like? Oh, that's the Yukon. It's all snow snow melt. But I mean as you well know we were jumping in the river. Multiple times a day just to cool off and the I paddled in shorts virtually every day, except the day it rained there was shorts on the sun shirt. It was like tropical. This is crazy. Yeah, and what was actually refreshing? I mean there were days like they was day two or three when we hit that when we first set the White River and that smoke came in the Sun the the forest fire. Yep. We were just overheating we pulled over now and it will not Island would jump in the water for a while and that barge came by and it was just I mean there were multiple times.
Topic ID: 2 Extracted Segment:  It would have been yes. It would have been 1999 wow is when they when they first became a territory and before that it was Northwest territory, which as you know is still a territory is also very large. And so if you look at Nunavut, it's just like massive. Yeah, its massive. It's like all the land that you never thought you would see in the planet is in Mars, noodling an interview as we oh my goodness. Like we're not gonna get in little me has absolutely no idea. Okay, but I'm interested because the climate strikes I've just been going around on. Yes. So climate change is obviously like a huge thing and you being traveling all over the Arctic all of these places even non Arctic places, like you probably see the effects of climate change and you see droughts in places like California. Yeah. Have you spoken to people like in interviews with Ahmed indigenous people about the effects of climate change like have you had any experience with that just interested in that part of? Yeah, I mean, this is a Canadian Geographic one of our main pillars of the organization has always been to look through the lens of the environment for Canadians that we've always thought that it's a really big concern for Canadians and that's really because we're blessed with our geography and our landscape and we can actually see from coast to coast the effects of climate change. You don't need to visit the Arctic to see that sea levels are rising you you I mean you can live in Toronto and you can see that the islands are flooding.
Topic ID: 2 Extracted Segment:  get a general idea of how to operate that body of water safely. So you can go out there and enjoy your time fishing and and Paul. We just we touched on a little bit about how you got started with Gaiden and we're your guiding at now. What I'd like to bring up is, you know, we're here in the fall time. We're going to be doing these podcasts all the way through fall going into winter spring and guys are going to be able to see the trends change and get information on how to catch these fish and just All this all the seasons from these great Anglers that were talking with, you know with fall times here in the weather cooling off and it's getting cooler at nights. How does the bite affect these fish on that body of water? And also, what's your Technique? What's your preferred method to Target these fish? Yeah, the temps are starting to drop. I mean it was just a month ago. We had 90 degree surface water this past week. We're sitting on a 83 flirting with 84 degrees the fish are there on starting to make the transition? It's no secret. I'm a shallow water fisherman. I'm 20 foot or less year-round. That's no secret. But these fish I'm starting to find them.
Topic ID: 2 Extracted Segment:  Baby swim back up. Yeah, so that's one of the hypotheses of while why Baleen whales which humpback whales are part of that group are migrating as people think maybe it's because you know, the cops are safer and warmer Waters. They perform like sharks. Yeah, so that gets a bit controversial so killer whales are known to hunt and kill their kind everywhere anywhere. Yeah. So I mean they're this is really up for or debate still like we're not quite sure because I mean Jenner energetically speaking, you know, it's quite the journey, right and they have really thick blubber layer. So they really getting cold in the Arctic or what if it exactly so we're not sure but but she still some Mysteries is yeah. That's what else yeah my great at all. Yeah, really? No. It's plenty of fish in the north. Yeah, and they have lover. Thank you. So so back to Joy, let's when was the last time after he or she swam away? Yeah, what the tag show? Yeah. We only got a couple of weeks of Data from that way, unfortunately, okay. So yeah, we just got signals from the bar and see happily feeding on fish up there for ya. And then so so we don't know where it went when the data starts coming in. You don't really know what happened. Right? Yeah. So thanks real real time data so you can see and then and then, you know the tag, it's really tricky to get to get them to stick for a long time. So it probably took the tag falls off it falls to the bottom of the ocean and that's game over. Yeah, that's it.
Topic ID: 2 Extracted Segment:  Bear to give you guys like ecosystems. I want to know about the show cannibalized by the polar bears. Like I wanted. Oh my God, that's a whole podcast. We got we got time. But but no, I it's interesting because there's this part in the Arctic that we also travel to with a partner of ours Arctic Kingdom, which is the most insane travel company that you could ever experience in Canada in terms of on the ground realness. I mean aside from our partners in Churchill, which you can walk With polar like pretty close to polar bears and it's terrifying but here it with arctic Kingdom. They take you to this place called The floe Edge which it changes and it comes and goes with the seasons with the flow Edge is one of the most biodiverse regions in the Arctic and that's because it's the point of where the sea ice is melting and the water is still moving. So because of that there's this kind of like giant collection of biological life. And so that's where you'll find the With their giant tusks and you'll see seal and also the longest time I thought those were like mythical creatures. Yeah, it's you know, they're not huge a terrible thing to say, but they're going to know anything about decided the world. Oh my gosh little old England. It's the most negative news. Apparently you do have the queen you just she's kind of no, I'm not. Oh my God, the podcast is cut out.
Topic ID: 2 Extracted Segment:  fill in the rest with some of the easier to answer questions, so The biggest question I got it. I got it from a few people was what is it? Like what is it Dan in the life like as a rescue swimmer in the Coast Guard? So I'm going to walk you through that for the next maybe eight or ten minutes.
Topic ID: 2 Extracted Segment:  In these next few months, it starts kind of in October through to as the it gets colder and colder they move further north because the sea ice comes in and the way that kind of the waterways in the Arctic works is it's all different ages of ice that kind of just get packed and pushed together until suddenly. It's just a giant sheet of ice and that's why ships historically have been completely trapped in the ice and people there's like cannibalism Tails if you look at At the Franklin Expeditions, and so there's so many interesting stories of exploration where people get stuck in the ice. And this is the ice that the polar bears live on in the winter. So they actually travel up as the ice builds up and then they live kind of like in and around the floe edge which it varies where it is, but The floe Edge is this and totally like going I just really reaction here. Okay. I'm like, what am I talking about? Bear to give you guys like ecosystems. I want to know about the show cannibalized by the polar bears. Like I wanted. Oh my God, that's a whole podcast. We got we got time. But but no, I it's interesting because there's this part in the Arctic that we also travel to with a partner of ours Arctic Kingdom, which is the most insane travel company that you could ever experience in Canada in terms of on the ground realness. I mean aside from our partners in Churchill, which you can walk
Topic ID: 2 Extracted Segment:  E right and there's more wind outside. It actually freezes your skin and freezes things much faster because of the physics and the science of it all and so what happens is that you can have a day where you check the temperature and it's like minus 18, but with the wind chill, it's - 29 meaning because of the fact that it's so windy and such it actually feels much colder. So it's one of those things that we have in the winter here, which definitely is not the funnest thing in the world. Although I will say this Canada has a Civic City, and actually to be honest, we have a province even that is called Manitoba and Manitoba one specific City that people talk about is called Winnipeg and people people say that Winnipeg is one of the colder or one of the coldest cities in Canada. I don't know if it's true or if it's just like a I don't know like a stereotype that we have but I will say this it does get a lot colder there than it will in Calgary. Literally. I have a friend right now who lives in Winnipeg and I was buzzed. Watching his Instagram story and it's just crazy like literally for the past few days. He keeps posting about how it's -38 - 39-41 - 42 like just freezing freezing kinds of temperatures. And I wonder if it actually is even colder with the wind chill. I've no idea but I was like man that is just crazy. It happens in Calgary sometimes to we do get those kinds of really really cold temperatures, but
Topic ID: 2 Extracted Segment: It but once we did you have to have a platform for getting it out to people anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting and distributing your podcast. Best of all, it's a hundred percent free and ridiculously easy to use and now anchor matches you with great sponsors so you can get paid to podcast as well. So people can support us through anchor dot f m-- and it's an easy way to you know to get some feedback from our listeners cool. That was Anka FM you are Pronouncing that correctly. I'm pretty sure it's anchor dot. F m-- and could dot f m-- welcome to paddle hacks on today's podcast. We have a little ketchup convo and then we answer some fan questions about the drop shot. We have a segment on cold weather paddle adjustments how apropos since it's colder here in Chicago than it is in Mount Everest in Antarctica or in what was the third place Bahamas wait? Yes. Feels colder here than it is in the Bahamas. I don't think that was the sticking to that. I don't see why the area. Oh, so be really yes. Yes known for how for how cold it is and and then we've got a couple of awesome interviews as well. We have a PTA commentator the George Clooney of paddle the Bronx bomber the master of disaster the Connecticut carp the Big Tuna Mark the fish fish oil.
Topic ID: 3 Extracted Segment:  The app I think I needed that otherwise, I wouldn't fucking got into a fight, you know. Yeah, and I'm not and I'm a pacifist. I'm not a fighting person. So to push me that far but um, yeah, I like especially with the people that I was around. They were really big on the dialogue of this whole thing especially since a lot of the students are out of state like a big half of their their scholarships go to out-of-state students have A Moment's Peace. It's pretty much damn near. I don't know the exact numbers, but it's really close. And so with that they had to they had to bring up. Oh, my this might be different than what you're used to you know, what experience this? Yeah, exactly and they're writers your space. They were absolutely yeah. Exactly. Perfect. Perfect. So let's let's talk a little bit more about the black seen. This is something you wanted to talk about specifically. Yeah. Yeah. What yeah. What do you have to share? I love observing it. I think there's a lot. Yeah, there's a lot of this is an unknown space in territory for it. Yeah. No. No. Yeah. I'll try to break it down. I don't know a lot about it either, you know, because I mean, I'm black but I'm not African-American sure so it's hard. It's a different. Let's break it down lands. What do you mean by that exactly what it so I'm black. You know I'm saying I'm dark. I'm I got African origin and Heritage, but my parents I'm a first-generation American my parents answer in Jamaica. Okay. Yeah, so they so we going up I'm Jamaican American identified a Jamaican American my whole life. You know, I'm saying I'm an American was like my friend and my friends were black and African-American. I was you making American black whatever but the split the split only came up when we when we talked about like our
Topic ID: 3 Extracted Segment:  Need to understand why it's actually happening and it that it's not that we at the humble whatever haven't paid attention to anything and obviously I did an episode about Mercury retrograde before it's just a pause button from the universe and the invitation for us to slow down a little bit and I know you Nina you are so hard-working. So sometimes it's just you know for you to reset again, especially as a Gemini rising your overactive all the time with your mind. Sometimes you just need a little bit of you know time for yourself to go inward. And reflect on everything I would be really curious to know how astrology found you and when you started to dive into the language of the cosmos. So ever since I was a little kid, I always knew my Sion my son sign like I always had Airy keychains. I always knew I was an Aries and I don't know if that just came from my dad who would always read us the horoscopes like he would read the newspaper. He did Iconia. This is your horoscope today because he is sort of into it to an extent and I mentioned to you actually little side note like his family his grandfather and his mother his grandfather was a magician at the turn of the century.
Topic ID: 3 Extracted Segment:  a small window and so when that happens there's a Gambit of all these feelings and attributes and what do I love what do I don't and maybe a little confusing so something you've maybe really worked for could come about in unexpected ways with that urine as mercury as well something that you've loved and tried to go after you know, and it could just even be like that self-love you're working for especially in Virgo because you're trying your like Constantly trying to perfect it or go after it and look at it and analyze it now this next one I think is perfect for ND and that is Sun conjunct Mars. I think that Andy has a lot of that Mars energy that strong forward energy. And so you will be wonderful to talk about this sun conjunct Mars. What do you think's happening on Monday? I don't know anything but your notes and all here's here's basically what's going on. You have a lot of mutable planets in the sky right now. So yesterday was a weird deal because you had five personal planets in Virgo, which is like Panic old as the song goes Panic on the Streets of London pentagon's to Birmingham and he said Miss fans out there never mind anyway, so but the moon moved into Libra now, so basically everybody has to take a drink of water. So anybody that is getting very stressed out about the Virgo stuff and they just just calm down take a drink of water. It'll relax you but the big thing is with you have Planet squaring each other.
Topic ID: 3 Extracted Segment:  Here at one time. Thank you. Welcome to our our very first l a live recording of the show and again give it up for three clubs to in the little tea lights on your table how great that is great. I should get one of those up on stage. Well, I am your host Adam peacock. This is my neighbors are dead. We are all familiar with the big names in horror Freddy Jason Blacula, but who were not familiar with for the ones just outside the tear the ones who haven't gotten to tell their Nails and that's what we do on the show. We take 10 gentle horror movie characters and we find out how that whole experience affected them. I'm sure some of you have been wondering what it's like to know how Michael Myers third cousin felt about all that shit. So tonight is going to be a really really fun night. We're going to be doing something a little a little different than I we have somebody coming. Well, I guess it's somebody it's something someone from deep deep space, but we'll worry about that later because we're going to be talking about the events of the film Alien who's seen the alien and even fans of the film Alien love the film Alien for those who don't know the Nostromo screw blow today. They get into just a whole bucket of syrup. They get you some aliens and their faces and everything just goes wrong. That should be going right and we're going to find out how that happened tonight. But before we do that, we're going to bring up a friend of ours a friend from back in the Motor City a guy that we've known for a long time. You might know him from NBC's The good place and
Topic ID: 3 Extracted Segment:  Right, you know we have people in our minds. She's probably like yeah, that's actually not how it works. It's so funny. Are you yeah, you read more books than I do. I read a lot more psychological or like work. I do read a spirituality book. It's very very like Eastern religion Focus. So there's no it's not you could definitely take it and incorporate it into like a magic practice, but it's not magic Focus its philosophy focused or steal but that's the thing that's like part of the reason why I really am excited to dive into the topic of astral travel one because years ago, I was really really in depth and really trying very hard to cultivate like a good connection with my Astro like your it to be able to like go and journey and like communicate like do it, you know when I could and I was researching a lot and like I've forgotten a lot about it and I feel like it was one of the most pivotal times in my You'll like Journey if you don't have that. Yeah, we're just almost don't believe that I've heard people tell me story. Yeah, and I like can't I can't even fathom it. So my mind assumes that they must be having a really intense imagination I can tell you is it that you would think that when you feel it, I've only successfully done it like fully twice and the
Topic ID: 3 Extracted Segment:  Then we have an instance where life arose in two different places in the same solar system independent of each other. Then I will buy your statistical argument life is probably everywhere. But until then I'm leaving open the possibility that it's nowhere else but here why because improbable things happen. This universe is improbable. All physicists will agree to that astronomers are Buddy, I talk to you and I talk to a lot agree that the universe is improbable. Why is there something rather than nothing is a question that's very hard to answer right now. We don't have a good one and other things like singularities like black holes and most particularly the Big Bang Singularity is a big problem for physics right now. They have to come up with well, what caused the big bang and so these issues are all being read? Sold with a lot of them are improbable so improbable things happen in the universe and the fact that we could be the only ones is also possible. I will be convinced. Otherwise if we find life in our own solar system independent of Our Own
Topic ID: 3 Extracted Segment: Hi everybody. Welcome back to Astro coffee hang out. My name is Tony Darnell from Deep astronomy dot space and today we are going to be talking.With member from the Dark Energy survey collaboration who among a great many other things like trying to find out the nature of dark energy. This collaboration is using their observations to do lots of other science namely to help measure the expansion rate of the universe and my guest today is dr. Ed McCauley. He's from the University of Portsmouth in the UK. He is member of The Institute of cosmology and gravitation there, which is a cool sounding place and I would like to learn more about what's going on in that Institute. I'll tell you that so we will and we're going to talk With our guest here today, but before I get before I bring them on. I just want to say that these Hangouts are endorsed by the American Astronomical Society and they are we every is we're now even though we're scaling back a little bit. This is only the second I think Astro coffee hang out for the year. We are still trying to bring the latest in astronomy discoveries in science to you and the paper this paper that we're going to be talking about today. There is a link to the
Topic ID: 3 Extracted Segment:  By the whole thing in liked a lot. It's a lot to get into it minute 48 to get into like the university. I was about to dive in I can't you go there. Okay. Alright, let's not go. I mean, I guess if you want no, but that's what I'm saying is that you can't expect like hundred percent certainty. So finding ways to like understand yourself better. That's that's that's all I'm saying here is it is a great practice and something that I am excited to explore deeper in 2019 next. Episode will go into the workings of the Universe. I mean My Hope Is that we can share more of like the stuff that we're talking about now of our new series that we're going to produce where we're actually going to go through a lot of like interesting things that explore ourselves. Like I don't want to I don't want to talk about it too much because it's still so much in development. But like that is so exciting for me because that is like going on a adventure And documenting it and sharing it that's exciting for me. Like I love doing that and then maybe having someone else shared their Adventure, you know with us again. Like it's the weekend Film Fest effective like we put out something and then you respond with the video like that type of community is what gets me really excited about 2019. Mmm.
Topic ID: 3 Extracted Segment:  Convertible crushed it but one that wouldn't like break down all the time. Well, of course, why would you want to dream car that's going to break down? Right? Exactly. My dream car delivered to be piece of shit. Awesome question 3, here's one of my favorite ones because it really does provoke you all to think if you could be one non-living tangible item. For one week. What would it be and why rocket ship a rocket ship in why because I can go to space and see everything. Here's one thing that I wish y'all on the podcast could see it. Maybe we really should get to a level to where we could actually record these things and you could see them on YouTube or something because the facial expressions that come from the questions being asked and more importantly like the thought provoked behind answering the question. You can just see It's almost like there's a migraine that's about to be so over Showdown. Okay, next question any concert with any person in the band or group or whoever it is could be living or have already passed. What concert would you see? Where would you see it in with who I gotta go with Liz? Oh, okay. You said we're yep Red Rocks for sure and I bring my daughter. Boom. I love it. I love it. It's a great great great grandfather will dive into that. I'm sure yeah.
Topic ID: 3 Extracted Segment:  Hey let go of specifics that's causing us to repress our emotions as a way to control our emotions and instead have true authority of our emotions and how we feel and express them in a Express in address our emotions appropriately. Okay, so that's kind of like the gist of what I was saying all this time, you know, so definitely keep that in mind too. Now. I do also want to go through the aspects that are being made to the eclipse that's going to be quite interesting to talk about it look at to so let's go do that. Okay. And so the first thing that I've noticed right is that the Moon is conjunct Pluto and off the sun is opposite Pluto. So this is really interesting. So when this is showing us, especially because Is retrograde to that the transformation that we're going to be going through is not going to be something a transformation within our Identity or self-expression. It's not even going to be a transformation that is external. It's going to be quite internal an emotional transformation this reiterates. What I was saying about four of us letting go of old ways of being over striction zold like Authority, you know what I mean? Whatever that was Authority
Topic ID: 4 Extracted Segment:  You know, we're so busy trying to raise our kids to do the absolute best thing that they can and to grow up to be the best people that they can and in the meantime, they're teaching us everything they're changing us and teaching us everything about life. And so I when that happened the other day were Cason was sharing with me these motivational videos that he had been watching and that he's been watching Every day, I was just moved by that and thought you know, what I could do a lot more listening to my kids and probably learn more than I can when I'm busy doing research on the computer for content for my podcasts, you know, and so that led me to an end another idea where I would actually like to interview my own children on a future podcast episode. So it's on the to-do list, so stay tuned for that but Way the point of today's podcast is to to be kind of vulnerable with you and to really be honest and to talk a little bit about struggle and I got a message today. This is what prompted all of this. So I started working on the podcast content about being adaptable to change and being able to roll with the punches of Life a few days ago. And then today I got a message from a friend of mine who is going through.
Topic ID: 4 Extracted Segment:  Thanks, everybody where the maggs are bees good. Hey everybody. Guess what? We're now looking for new stories written by kids for the next season of the story Pirates podcast this time. We're looking for stories about a character who goes on a quest so kids write a story about a character from your imagination who goes on a journey a journey where they find something or discover something or even learn something about themselves and this journey So hilarious and awesome and epic that at the end. The character is changed forever parents submit your child's Quest story today at story Pirates.com. We can't wait to read mm. Be right back.
Topic ID: 4 Extracted Segment: I kind of wanted to get this out there and just Express how important it is to not use the idea of personality types and labels to box our horses in to certain actions and that they are always this way and they will always be this way and also not to use those as permission for ourselves to treat our horses a certain way. Hey there, welcome to another episode of the Willing equina podcast. I'll be recording this episode in my car. So the audio may not be super clear and sometimes I have my kids with me. So if you hear a little bit from them, I apologize, but hopefully you can still enjoy the podcast. I'd love to hear from you after you listen to the podcast. So feel free to comment on any of my social media platforms or email me or even send me an anchor voice message. If you're interested in starting your own podcast I'm here to tell you about anchor anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify a podcast and many more and I'll tell you from my own experience. This was a huge deal breaker for me with other hosts that they didn't automatically distribute my
Topic ID: 4 Extracted Segment:  they do that every year and I think that's so cool because that's really what it is about giving rather than receiving. So to switch that role real quick on them is really cool. Yeah. So I feel like there's two sides to it. Yeah. I mean what you do is what you do is your own business, but Yeah, I'm just pondering I was I was thinking about a story because I listen I listen to another podcast. Yeah, and that podcaster was saying a story about how when they were in school. Why I'm gonna say the podcast because people are in another time. I talking to the talking my shit podcast from Kenji floors and Aurora and his podcast said how they wrote letters when they were little right. So Sana, yeah, and they send them out and they weren't supposed to like get a letter back or gift back the whole thing that response to that letter that they mailed out to Santa to the North Pole. Was that a fake Santa was going to come to the school give them like this.
Topic ID: 4 Extracted Segment:  I am so sad for you right now. Well, you're going to learn today put your back into it. Okay? Hey, everyone. Guess what? We're looking for new stories written by kids for the next season of the story Pirates podcast this time. We're looking for stories about a character who goes on a quest write a story about a character from your own. Imagination who goes on a journey a journey where they discover something important or even learn something new about themself and this journey is so hilarious and awesome that at the end the character is changed forever parents submit your child's story today at story Pirates.com. We can't wait to read them be right back.
Topic ID: 4 Extracted Segment:  Ready to date because it is fucking Lonely by the way, if you hear the sirens or if you hear any horns, or if you hear anything anything just know that I'm recording in my room and my room is like at the side of the street of the main street that I live on and my walls are paper-thin girl. So if you hear something, this is the price I pay the I do these podcasts for nothing I make these because I want to Ooh, and I just want you The Listener who how many ever of you are listening to know that these podcasts are coming from a place of passion. I'm really really passionate about this project. Like I used to do YouTube videos. I think I might do again a to them again, but I haven't been passionate for something like this in a long long long time. So I'm really really looking forward to making more podcasts. And this has been a little passion project of mine and I only realized how easy it is because with videos I love making them but I hate editing them with podcast. You literally just keep talking you keep talking and you just make a little jingle and that's that. So yeah just know that I'm making this very amateur Lee probably for a long time, but I'm making out of a place of passion and of love and I really really enjoy making these podcasts so I would really really really really appreciate if
Topic ID: 4 Extracted Segment:  We had a lot more to talk about what but let's get into our meditation. Yeah, we can talk about the other stuff later. We can talk about it later get yourself comfy. If you're driving. Don't listen to the second part just yet. I love you. I hope you had a good time Red fan for life. It's your girl DJ narc. Let's come back in a second relaxed hydrated. Take a load off lay down and let's take a little trip. Yeah. I'll see you in a second. I love you. Hey fam, I'm back to talk to you about one of my favorite apps anchor so whenever I meet someone and they seem to have an interesting perspective on life where they have some unique knowledge. I always ask them if they have a podcast and most of the time they have a pretty perplexed look on their face, which kind of says well I would love to but I have no idea what it is or how to One but I hear the very popular to which I always reply. Hey don't feel bad. I used to be the same way until I heard about anchor and I really do say that and they always say Hey you sound like an ad and I guess I do and the reason I say that is because all you have to do is download the app you talking to your phone and then anchor really does the rest.
Topic ID: 4 Extracted Segment: Hey everybody. Thanks for listening to the early years of the story Pirates podcast. If you're new to the story Pirates, we recommend starting with season 2 episode 1, which is called. I love a ghost / Fred the carrot. Thanks for listening. Story Pirates kids write stories. We optimize. Our than can't write more. Welcome back to the story Pirates podcast. I'm Lee / tree and I'm Minnie Thomas from Sirius xm's Kids Place livestream Pirates take stories written by kids and we turn them into awesome sketches and songs. And sometimes we play those on the radio. We're going back into the archives to play you some of our favorite stories Minnie. What's today's story? Well today. We're going to go back to October of 2011. When the story Pirates did a Halloween special for us and today we've got a story that was written by a then second grader who went to the Atlantic Christian School in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey. Her name is Alyssa masek, and her story is called the ghost new friend. But before we hear the story Pirates adaptation of Alyssa's story, let's hear a Lissa's original story story pirate Peter McNerney. Take it away. Thanks very much Lee over tree here. Is Alyssa masek story.
Topic ID: 4 Extracted Segment:  Wait, and you'll both be happy and then until it runs its course and that's that's how life works just sucks their batteries run out. And yeah, that's it. They select it, you know around the average at least 12 to 15 is what you're gonna get. Yeah. Yeah, you know, I mean, I have the Danes like Stephen. Oh my God, he's great danes. Great danes like those dogs. Like if they lift a 10 it's amazing and it just keeps getting them and get them get them because he loves them. Yeah. Yeah. I mean who has a life like those dogs? Yeah. She's oh my God Lucky Fox better life than me. Well, not really, but you know, they have a good life. Before you I want you to promote stuff, but I want to say the next episode that I'm doing is going to be on childhood trauma and I wanted to ask the people who listen to this podcast the the email if you want to write me is the voices in our heads podcast at gmail.com. And if you are so inclined I won't share your name or anything at all, but I kind of want at the end of the episode. I want to read off some of the things that people have been through in childhood that were traumatic. Just like in like two to three sentences just sum it up if you are so inclined and I kind of wanted to just like group them together and read it out in a list because it's one of the things that doing guys we fucked has made me realize is we have all been through some heavy shit. And the one thing that sucks when you are going through it is thinking that you're the only one yeah that is such an that can be such an isolating feeling and it is so far from the truth. So that's why if you have been through a traumatic childhood, we want to sum it up to me and I'll read it out loud. I won't read your name.
Topic ID: 4 Extracted Segment:  Right, they raised their hands and they're like this. There's one girl in particular. I know her name and I don't know if she's listing on. Oh she got into the Kpop wave. Like, I don't know if she's in a huge epic - so I will not need a renamed. I'm really sorry to bother you. I have him. Sorry stop you. Yeah, but it's bothering me. What is 6 times 8 is it's 48. It's 48, right? Yeah. I was like, it's 48. It's 48. Yeah, and I wasn't listening to a thing you were saying because I was like, what's 6 times 8 is 48, but you know Know what the other million listeners on this table podcast, they're following right now. That is true. So they're just there at the edge of their seats saying, where is this going? Okay. So where is it going and let me feed these baby birds. All right. So refer to my listeners as baby birds, okay, let me get to it. Okay feed them the warm of knowledge. Okay, go not much of a woman knowledge, but there is one girl who I said, you know as a disclaimer. I'm not going to say her name because she may be an epic. I fan. She may be listening to this podcast, but I know who you are. If you are listening, right? She would always raised her hand and she would say whoo-hoo and then she would go like this and then just Kharkov like yeah, like whatever. Yeah. Well, what what what do you what do you want to ask then? She would say? Oh, I forgot and then she would look around the room just like give this smirk. She would do this all the time all the time and I'll never forget it because of the weight. What grade were you guys in third grade? This is that is I am I don't even know.
Topic ID: 5 Extracted Segment:  Maybe next time so so yeah, for some reason I thought Middle School would be better than fifth grade. So yeah, that's me. Yeah. Yeah, we live together, too. So yeah kinda lived together for a year. Yeah. It was a blast you're talking about. Yeah, here's a hard year for everyone. Yeah, that's yeah, but I think um, I don't know now that you at least Least know a tiny bit about some of us some aspects of our lives. So basically the format of this is that will just kind of do like many interviews. So you will be invited to you know, talk about something you're stoked on we will interview you about it for a little bit. So if you're listening interview someone and yeah, you get to listen. Yeah actually, but if you're listening and you're like, oh I have something to talk about you can definitely shoot us an email. I think maybe we should just start an email for about yes. It's that is that out or we'll put that in the end will will let you know what the email is. So stay tuned. Don't leave us. Yeah, wait, there's more. Yeah, so I think for some of these episodes that will just be Katie and I talking about something we want to talk about right and that's what we'll be doing today. Yeah, and then most of the time we will be interviewing someone we know about something that they want to talk about possibilities are endless, which is kind of fun, right?
Topic ID: 5 Extracted Segment:  Podcasting as a course and I asked her Healy you want me to teach podcasting as like a as either of vocational or university course and she was like, yeah, and she was like a lot of her students were coming back and telling her that hey, you know what these this agency I'm working for this brand I'm working for I wanted to ask me about what is a podcast go find out what about Gus isn't gonna make it and which was exciting for me and then you bend this in Mumbai or something. Yeah. It's in Bombay. I mean most of my work here is a mom. And then there was another friend of mine who asked me to come to an agency because he was like Hey, you know, we're getting a lot of Brands a lot of media planners and all of them are asking us what is podcasting. What can we do and how we do it. And so again, I give a talk in an agency to be able to explain to them what podcasting was and how they can use the medium. So I think there's a huge amount of curiosity around the medium and people are exploring it people are dipping their toe. Toes as a career option why not? I don't see anything limiting you I think a lot of the people who are coming into this don't come from an audio background or don't come from a lot of people who I think would be really great for this would be like journalists. I coming from journalistic background or research background makes a huge difference. I know now that even some of the editors that I work with are, you know, literally like Netflix quality people because I want to
Topic ID: 5 Extracted Segment:  Wow, this God who created the universe and the stars and everything. I see who created me has been on this Relentless pursuit of me ever since you know what I didn't even care about him. I didn't even pay him no mind. He was still after me and it just blows my mind when I just think about that. I guess it might a my name is Nico and I do want to make a small plug. I also have a podcast called authentic footsteps following Jesus for Real where we do a very similar thing we talked about something that might be controversial or maybe just something that people have questions about and I bring a guest host on every episode and you should check it out. It's on Spotify Google pocket Google Play Google podcast and Anchor as well, but I think my favorite thing about Jesus is that he has given me well because of Jesus I have the full acceptance of God. We're younger and you know, I'm not still struggle with this. I strive to be the center of attention all the time and that makes me do and say some crazy things but just understanding that I have the full acceptance of the god of the universe who has created all things.
Topic ID: 5 Extracted Segment:  I mean we've had there's Ben. There's been a lot of guys that have been wanting to hear sure who we work with an index. Actually Doug's first podcast. I asked him if he's done it before I'm like it what just an interview. It's just going to be an interview man. You look good. He oh heck. Yeah it when you when he wasn't if you know what you're talking about. It's easy. It's a hundred percent. I mean just flow and when we work with guys like that we learn so much more about like I even learned some I'll listen to it again. I learned some stuff there exactly him. I mean that I mean there was way more there than I ever expected to get. You know say we a 20-minute interview is what we planned and it's at we're at an hour right well, but we are about 15 minutes right now. I mean, it's like that's solid that's 50 minutes of dictionary reading information. Dude here mind blown. Just perfect. Yeah. Yeah, it is hundred percent, but that's I mean we've been I kind of introduced it that way we've been working with with Doug for well over 10 years and it's you know, guys
Topic ID: 5 Extracted Segment:  Greg here on the third floor. Today we're going to do a deep dive into The Arcanist Master Tony Ironsides and how the M&S you crew works and malifaux Third Edition. Now, she's now the leader of the Union. So let's find out if her new station in the fluff actually translates to power on the table. So my guest today is Doug Roman now Doug is an active contributor on a weird place and he puts out what I consider one of the better podcast about malifaux the steam-powered Scoundrels, so you probably have heard his voice before and if you're not already, Subscribe to that podcast I will have links in the show notes you get if you need to fix that problem dug into the group of people they have on their have a ton of fun with that with that with that broadcast and now they drop some pretty neat little bits of knowledge in there in between all the laughs and good times and Doug, of course plays out of the central conference. So Doug, welcome to the third floor. Hey thanks to him me on Craig. So doggone the first thing I always like to find out about a new guest is kind of how you got into miniature gaming and of course how you found malifaux, okay. Well, this is going to be a little bit different than all the other ones you've had on the show. I believe so far. I actually got into a game called HeroClix way back and right as I soon got out of college run 2011, and I played that for a few years and I finally kind of got bored with it and I couldn't keep up with paying for The Minis. It has sort of a sort of a scheme like card games do where there's a blind Rarity and whatnot. So yeah after that I tried to get into
Topic ID: 5 Extracted Segment:  then they'll tell one person and everybody males us one dollar. Well, we'll get to the dollar thing in a second. You can also follow us on Twitter. I met Patrick underscore ehlers Mark is that MKE Mitchell and the show is at noon cart Society. We also have a Facebook page, which is just Nintendo cartridge Society only view Duncan made our logo. Our theme music is to write it by 8-bit Betty. You can get more of his music by going to a pet bed e.com or by listening right now. For my co-host Mark Mitchell, this is Patrick ehlers saying hail Bowser and thanks for listening.
Topic ID: 5 Extracted Segment:  So what is it exactly? What do they provide? Well for one? Obviously, it's free. They have a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. I've had to use this multiple times you make a podcast you want to edit some stuff out. You can use their tool directly from the app or in the computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms. Is one of the best things that I like about anchor is that they automatically distribute your podcast to different platforms all over the Internet. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. So I want to say a couple more things about that podcast with Ethan and Theo one thing they talked about was how growing up. Oh, yeah, so it was super interesting to me because Theo was like, yeah, I feel Like I don't want to grow up sometimes and I remember sitting there thinking like what the fuck you talking about? You don't you don't want to grow up? You know what I'm saying? Like dude, you're 38 years old like you're 37 years old like you're grown up dude, you know, you're not a high schooler or a college student on the verge of being an adult like you are a full-fledged adult brother. So what are you talking about? You don't want to grow up and then Ethan brought up a good point how if you don't feel like you have had
Topic ID: 5 Extracted Segment:  Well, cool. That's that's all I have at the moment any other thoughts bouncing around not really. All right, which is kind of weird considering its me but yeah, alrighty. So what's just go right here into the town of circus of plugs soyou are home for the podcast anchored FM / dude D UD e you remember and those lovely folks pushing. Over to Spotify Google Play Store and apple podcast. So please feel free to write a serve you get some Stars. We'd like to hear from you. And then we're also on the Mark Zuckerberg Zone at facebook.com slash. Do do you remember we're also on Twitter at do do you remember and then speaking of getting in contact with us dude, if you wanted to shoot us an email dudes and dudettes or however, you did choose to identify, dude or Or do but whatever non-binary dude, go ahead as a gender-neutral term. Yes. There you go. You go ahead and shoot us an email at DUI RM cast at gmail.com. We'd love to hear from you. And then we already did plug risk system, but I'll say it one more time huge thanks to Chris eakins artist to risk system for writing the show's key art. You could buy that game now on Steam. It's like a little
Topic ID: 5 Extracted Segment:  Yeah, who went first, maybe one day somebody will take it Twitter for my favorite. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so we're both talking about some like more life things this week last week. I talked about lala land and then Katie did kind of the like self-expression but this week we both came prepped with yeah things that have more to do with just how you live your life. So we're more my way more prepared this Uh, I think is going to be interesting though because I have like, do you have you have talking points coming? I just little things. I want to make sure I mention yeah, which I think I want to know how that changes our structure. Yeah. We'll check it out. Yeah learning experience, you know. Yay. Well, yeah. So Kenny, what are you gonna tell me about today? Okay. So today I want to talk about silence, okay. Why?
Topic ID: 5 Extracted Segment:  That Nintendo did this week maybe something happened on Friday and you're saying yourself I can't wait until Bill gets to talk about this on Monday because this was huge. Maybe you just have a question for me. Whatever it is. It's super easy to get on the show. Go to Twitter. Use the hashtag ask rjs. That's a SK R JS. That's not the only way to do it though. You can also get a hold of me on our community Discord Channel go to run jump Stomp.com. Discord join the community of over a thousand other people and have awesome conversations and in there in that Discord Channel, there is a sub Channel called ask Bill. All right, you go in there you type whatever it is and sometimes I'll respond and sometimes I'll grab what you said and put it on the show. Anyway, let's get started. I also got some emails this week. Let's let's talk about those emails will start off with an email from listener Esten. Tonight's special presentation of Superman is brought to you by Atari a family of electronic products that challenge you teach you touch your life discover Atari and discover how far you can go. Alright listener Esten emailed. They said enjoyed as always your last podcast. It stimulated my mind to thinking further about the switch Pro in would 4K be the end-all be-all that the net reads it to be.
Topic ID: 6 Extracted Segment:  No mean, I'd it's like you can't even be like even when you're standing up for yourself when you're taking a stand your your immediately delegitimized by some third party spectator. All right, the Tweet the Tweet. Okay. So Goldman I'm with what is your where did where is your 50% in the street? My 50% is the teen Teen Vogue article. Okay, let's start there Alex when we are you familiar with like Like do you know the whole thing that like happened to Teen Vogue in the past couple years. I interviewed for this other podcast that I that I host called without fail. I interviewed Elaine well trough. Oh cool. Who is the editor of Teen Vogue and sort of like oversaw? It's sort of like somewhat surprising to many people transition from like, you know, beauty tips and secrets for teens to sort of like cogent political analysis of our current moment. I didn't know you interviewed her. That's right. Yeah, that was like Like the big star like post Trump thing was like yeah Teen Vogue became sort of like politically Progressive and woke I think a lot of people first like this is sort of funny. They're like, yeah, you're gonna doing a good job. All right, welcome Teen Vogue to like thoughtful Progressive internet, right and then the magazine version got the shutdown and they just begin website and they become okay. So, you know that yeah. So this week Teen Vogue posted an article that had a title like these women are securing Facebook for the 2020.
Topic ID: 6 Extracted Segment:  A friend for you. You never scream when I say boo the nicest ghost I ever knew my burn and that's the story of Emily and boo. I'm out of here be and And now Lee over tree speaks with the author herself Alyssa masek. Hey Alyssa, how's it going? Thanks for talking to me today about your story. Can I come? Can you start by telling me where you are right now? I am in my house upstairs. Cool. And are you in New Jersey? What do you think about, New Jersey? I like it. I like the colors of the trees when it's full. It's follow your favorite season. It's one of my favorite season because of the holidays and fall. I like this like Halloween and Thanksgiving the best. Where do you go to school?
Topic ID: 6 Extracted Segment:  Don't go policy Gourmet ecpm Castle. So bizarre. There's no definite age. Pero most probably like personal 30 years old battery gasoline bomb mug start. No family. They lose all my bow and go slow but can diamond in family life and be my gastos Hopalong mocking financially free money making financially Moon free Munna ho similar impression. Until Obama start and family. Yeah. Yeah. I don't block my family now weather.
Topic ID: 6 Extracted Segment:  Act addresses and track online RSVPs with their free guest list manager Zola has helped over 1 million couples get married and they'll help you too. So go to Zola.com pretty big deal today and use promo code save 50 to get 50% off your save the dates and you can also get a free personalized paper sample before you purchase. That's 50% off save the dates as Zola.com pretty big deal promo code save 50 now. Let's get back to my show. So how have you used a vehicle of change in walking into this new era of Sophia Bush. I think it's interesting. Somebody asked me the other day. They said, you know in the last couple of years or since the election like you've really jumped into activism and I thought isn't it funny how what we've been doing for so long only really permeates when it does, you know, I remember Naomi Watts talking about when she booked the ring, you know, she became this Mega movie star and someone said like overnight success and she was like, I'm going on auditions for 12 years and I used to live in my car. You know, I've been in the space of advocacy for so long, but for me the deeper and deeper I get into it the more and more I want to do right and I think there was a period when One Tree Hill was first on the kind of attention and tabloid culture and double standard for women and
Topic ID: 6 Extracted Segment:  Or who thought that compared to high school the workload here was easy. I was completely overwhelmed and thought that reading a thousand Pages a week was unimaginable that writing a 50-page thesis was just something I could never do. I had no ideas how to declare. I had no idea how to declare my intentions. I couldn't even articulate them to myself. I'd been acting since I was 11, but I thought acting was too frivolous and certainly not meaningful. I came from a family of academics and was very concerned with being taken seriously. Especially in contrast to my inability to declare myself on my first day of orientation freshman year five separate students introduce themselves to me by saying I'm going to be president. Remember I told you that their names for the record where Bernie Sanders Mark Rubio Ted Cruz Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton. In all seriousness, I believed every one of them they're bearing and self-confidence alone seemed proof of their prophecy where I couldn't shake myself doubt. I got in only because I was famous. This was how others saw me it was how I saw myself driven by these insecurities. I decided that I was going to find something to do at Harvard that was serious and meaningful that would change the world and make it a better place at the age of 18. I had already been acting for seven years and assumed I'd find a more serious
Topic ID: 6 Extracted Segment:  Everything you want comes to you in three, so, you know x 3 which the best and I hope to see you all in 2019. I'm out of here and happy New Year.All right. All right back at you with another one English and coffee. I've got my cup. Hope you got yours. Today. We're going to be talking about New Year's. What is it? What is it? What are New Year's resolutions? What kind of New Year's plans do people make and all that good stuff. So let's get right into it. But as you know, before we start I'm going to tell you a little bit about what's been going on with me. So as I said, my sister was coming fromSpain she made it here safely picked her up from the airport. Maybe I told you that in the last one because she was here for Christmas. What have we been doing? We've been going fishing. We've been going to eat out. We just went to Highway 55 earlier today. We had I had a Philly cheesesteak. She had an and he's Burger this big juicy quarter pound burger lettuce tomato, you know, the whole works. I had a Philly cheesesteak, you know chopped up steak cheese. I had jalapeno jack cheese on there.
Topic ID: 6 Extracted Segment:  For me totally because there's an assumption with your friends that they'll always be there. Yeah, there isn't necessary especially in your 20s. You're gone. Yeah, there is that saying that they will just love you no matter what. Yeah. I read your piece of it that yeah. And so when they when they don't you're kind of like Audrey hard so it so it's like yeah really painful. Yeah. So it also is like do I have to deal with this as well? Yeah everything. Yeah. I kidding me. Exactly. Yeah, that was like a real moment where I was just like I just had to come. To terms with that but then starting into the Sunday and your life was just amazing because we were just talking earlier about Mario Sullivan who yeah sure of living and this Travel section in living and stuff. And so she would have because she obviously she sends a lot of stuff on the travel reviews that's part of the thing and so it was suddenly I can't wear was my first one Florida was it was it Florida or something and I just remember Mary's like, you know Gmail made you Go on this and I was like, yeah and next thing I found myself could have must have been Florida and I found myself in on a plane to Florida with all these other journalists who I'd never met before from the UK and there was this huge trip actually when we got there that it was like 300 journalists in total or something. Yeah, it was huge. And so we just had the most amazing time and I was meeting all these fibers people and seeing all these amazing places. Like I would have gone to Majorca and
Topic ID: 6 Extracted Segment:  He'll be long dead by the time that all happens, but I can't wait. I can't wait for both those things, but then we get these Oracle. He's all the shit. I know we get this great scene when she's back from the White House where Khloe comes over and she's like, oh, you know, I was the White House and she's like, oh so good that I love this exchange because Kim's like you should just an insane thing to be able to say she's like, you should come with me sometime like because she goes all the time. And then Chloe's like girl I've been on a different president was in office. I love that because Chloe was like a Kim was like a it was a great little jab, but it was like I loved it because it was like, okay, I know because first I heard it differently and I rewound it because like, why did she say? Oh, I know exactly what you mean. Oh, it's Obama. She's bragging. She's like, I wouldn't Obama was there, you know, you'll see me there. Yeah. She was like letting the audience know she's like this is not where the family is. Just FYI. FYI, FYI, we're not all like wearing red hats these days. You do you Kim? Yeah. Have fun. Have fun and funny and I think Kim like no she's like, you know, she's like she has the job darn, but great good for Kimmy. Then we have this dog show nonsense. I mean, let's just breeze on through this it Herschel is a cute. We know what a cutie little dachshund seen this dog. I've seen the dog a little bit. I didn't remember but she was much smaller. She's more.
Topic ID: 6 Extracted Segment:  Is part of the giant sized team up Network for more information check out GST you dotnet if you are looking for ways to support the show go to run jump stomp.com. Thank you, and for more content like this, check out run jump stomp.com shows. The music that you are hearing right now is corneria Starfox Remix by Note Block. Thank you all for hanging out with me and making it awesome and fun for me to do this show. I'll see you all next time. Bye. Bye.Look Hey, listen on episode 404 of Nintendo switch craft. You've got my initial thoughts on Link's Awakening Luigi's Mansion is getting DLC and it's not even out yet. And we've got a whole bunch of feedback from you those stories and more on this episode of Nintendo switch craft. Hi, this is Joshua from New Brockton Al Alabama and you're listening to Nintendo's witchcraft.Hey everyone, welcome back to switch craft. It is brought to you live every Monday Wednesday Friday and on Saturdays, you could tune in live over at twitch.tv slash run jump stomp. This episode of switch craft is made possible by patrons.
Topic ID: 6 Extracted Segment:  only way to really tell if a piece is genuine if it doesn't try to you know, erase our oppression, which I think is the main thing that we wanted to get out in this episode with with these LGBT filmmakers that we like is that it's really important that we be able to tell our own stories that way like we don't have that and also today's and also to be able to speak to nuances that may not exist for but may that may exist for some but not others, you know, like the way the Desiree All right about her experiences are like first-generation American from Irani and parents. Like that's a very unique experience to her. But you know is also an experience that many like first generation like children of immigrants like might have and you know, we're also going to talk about Cheryl doing yay. Who is she and she writes about the intersections of being blackened queer which again is a different experience I guess being so Back in Black in the lesbian. I should say and is different and I really like that about cause that's The really only directors who are actually LGBT can do yeah, you know when you get like straight people make they'll just go like well, I'm just going to cherry-pick parts of the query experience that I'm aware of and and make a movie about it or they're just like I'm going to have this character who you know ticks all the diversity boxes that they're, you know a person of color. They're also there also, you know mildly queer in an ambiguous way. Yeah that kind of thing, but it's just not genuine when they do that. So it's so much nicer when it's on.
Topic ID: 7 Extracted Segment:  Island gossips that the court was going to refuse her application while there wasn't a law that prohibited women from having their own liquor license the island had never actually issued one before Gertrude was obligated to appear before the liquor board and plead her case. According to her memoirs and official argued that Gertrude was unfit to hold a liquor license because she carried a gun and kept too many lovers. It's certainly ironic that Gertrude was forced to defend her moral character in a town that was run by gangsters in an article in the Winnipeg Free Press Gertrude hypothesized that the official who objected to her license may have been paid off by her business rivals. Although the official was a And of one of Gertrude's competitors, there's no evidence that her claim was actually true throughout the hearing Gertrude kept a level head. Although she probably did keep a gun for self-defense. She assured the officials that she was simply carrying the pistol for a friend and her love life. That was nobody's business Gertrude managed to convince the board that she was a competent businesswoman and was awarded the license now that she was legitimate. It was time for Gertrude to find buyers.
Topic ID: 7 Extracted Segment:  Is it I mean, it's rusted franchises need a little bit of but yeah, I mean and I think actually it's interesting because I think that's a turn. You know, Bravo is really taking with their new additions to Beverly Hills. And now you know, we got this new addition to Dallas. So, you know, I think they're trying to mix it up, you know. Alright Andy, we ready we ready and so next week we're going to get into this Rose. That's my final thing that I want to take away from this this roast next week guys. Can we get into Some AfterBuzz TV prediction your AfterBuzz TV predictions. Okay this aroused what the hell Deandra? What are you thinking girl? They all don't talk so bad about you and I just said that you so we can you fold under pressure and literally Stephanie said that I thought you're going bring money to the group one of the things as money's like what boy was I mistaken? I'm like d'andra then Lee Ann's gonna come. She invited her Leanne said it. Why would you invite somebody that to the Wait to see I don't know but I don't know this will help the relationship or what. We'll see ya leave it like that. I'ma leave it at that. We'll see what happens. That's all see what happens. Yeah. Well on the roast thing, I mean I predict that actually that Lee and sort of you know, obviously she invited I'm Excuse me DeAndre invited Lee Anne to probably be nice and I'm Shirley and it's going to really go deep and you know, and then the rift is going to grow. Yeah, I feel the same way. I feel
Topic ID: 7 Extracted Segment:  That's the downfall in some people relationship to is because you need somebody to take care of so you gonna fall for the motherfucker who ain't got shit every time. Yeah so that you can feel needed. Yes, you can feel needed and it's sad because it's like girl you have to be more than just somebody's nurturer. You have to be more than just somebody's caregiver. Yeah, you know what I'm saying? Like Willie's person love you. If you wasn't doing all these things probably not, you know what I'm saying? Who are you when you're not taking care of somebody? D. Do you know right? Cuz cuz your whole thing is like I have to be you know, what's crazy and shout out to my mom because today is a fucking birthday. She does not listen to the part. She said the party is to Off the Chain. She said that she did she say she don't bushy rocker shit. Well happy slowly. So the return my money go in holistic murder. Listen, she be hooded. Holy sit down to the stocks. Okay. I live but yeah, she said it's a little too wrong. G CX I rocchi fake conservative she fake conservative. She said the word Ranch she did she probably listen to this x work in the city. I'll delete it. Hopefully she didn't listen to that submission and she probably if it's a XXX turn that shit up. Trust me. It's coming. We got the nasty in the chamber, but we try to keep it you feel me like, I gotta try some new things so they can share with you guys.
Topic ID: 7 Extracted Segment:  Only room in about it as well and just kept making this joke, like does this mean I'm rich. This is my own wealthy and they're like, well, we think you're rich and it just brought up his really interesting conversation because I know I make a good amount of money, right I make way more money than a typical college student, but I don't feel rich like I don't feel wealthy and when that happened I was like wow, this is me like, I'm rich like my roommate made the joke. I was like, how did I just not notice? I was gone for my couch. Like I don't know I noticed with nine cents is gone from my bank account. I just thought it was really funny and it's actually talking my friend Brooke Brooke Alexander who's been on the podcast before I'm sure you guys all follow her as well about this and I was just like this is so weird. I'm like, I don't feel rich like what is Rich supposed to feel like what is it supposed to feel like to be wealthy and she brought up she was like, well, I think that's like our fly the thinking in our society. Is that like we Think wealth is going to feel a certain way. We think being rich is going to feel a certain way. We think that having money is going to make us feel like a certain kind of person when it just doesn't like we are just us all the time and when we have money if we just have money like it doesn't mean anything. It doesn't change who you are. It doesn't change how you feel. It's just a thing that we have. It's just an extra energy and extra resource that we get to tap into and I thought this is a really interesting.
Topic ID: 7 Extracted Segment:  They shall kill balcombe WW2. You'd usually Three fatty GE GE empty pool table you empty, but hamaji. Yes wash this with our conversation. Mr. LaVey soir. Made in Germany Russia Xiao, Jian Hui to carry on L call you sweet Jeepers fricassee comedy Africa's this expression is on the Largo Del Lago and Casey family. To invest hundreds yellow just extra more veggie able to Vermilion City Chic along with all this cuz you're Fair because you will probably do so cause your feet more Charles General down lady impossible come sit on a podcast or situation.
Topic ID: 7 Extracted Segment:  Kerr the church is really not into the Jews. It's a unexpected set of developments. So it's the kind of strange in that regard. So the Jews in this area over here, they're in Germany and France. That's what I'm talking with. Somebody Ashkenazi Jews. Then the area of Germany, which is the Holy Roman Empire this large area on the one hand and France, which is the other one. Did you look funny? They look different than other people in Germany. The non-jews are okay with that in France. It seems not just like today France. They just passed the walls about burkas and Bales and all. I'm stuff because it's very interesting because the French was long ago have this kind of culture where we tell everybody how to think and how to dress and how to eat and all the rest at the French at the best way is kind of interesting and if they see somebody with payers or strongly coupled over it really turns them off now in the Middle Ages didn't exactly have this term on the capita, but you had the medieval version of it, which was that see this at this all I'm not kidding. This is the Jewish hat.
Topic ID: 7 Extracted Segment:  It's really cool for me actually because it's a combination of like two worlds kind of colliding and bring them all together all my my get to handpick all the people in this league. So it was really cool. Yeah, I mean that's kind of how our league was put together to just that well, I wouldn't say it's a it's not a combination but it's just a bunch of good guys, but your friends and are firstly that dynasty Li that we put together as all teammates from all of ours from college and Not quite a dynasty League. Our first are traditionally germane League. I would say my most importantly been Rich will absolutely get bad. Rigidly. My most importantly the most Trash Talk the the most important ones in group chat. Oh, yeah. It's yeah, I mean definitely one of the best group chat leagues to just because there's a lot of banter but there's also a lot of Dynamics and kind of we've established reputations now for different things and I've had to replace we've had to replace an owner and we talked about expansion. So there's it's been through a lot of different things which has been really fun to discuss. Lots of things shot down still don't have a constitution we do we do have a constitution. It's called a dictatorships like
Topic ID: 7 Extracted Segment:  In Iraq at style kick line of drag queens facing down tactical police in riot gear. However, many don't know if this is actually true. Does that even matter? Do you know what origin stories are always always an interesting thing Marquee? Yeah, and it's just nice to know how things are originated. But as long as like the meaning and like the standpoint Carries On from that that's all that matters. That was a very intellectual adapted answer from him very happy. I am in uni, so what can I say? Let's see if you make it third year. Well, you know breaking down point-by-point many don't believe it started in 1969 groups like The mattachine Society predate working on gay rights and the global movement goes back as far as 1898 in Germany. You also hear repeated chance of stone all was a riot at various prize most participants. However, don't actually call it a riot instead of referring to it as a rebellion and the Stonewall Inn wasn't even that beloved of a bar with many saying it served watered-down drinks and was owned by the mafia others say it wasn't a brick but as a shot glass or even cocktail glass and Marsha P Johnson herself State she wasn't even there. Because you only arrived at 2 a.m. Most including stormy the larvae herself a lesbian bounce at the venue State. She was the first to throw shot glass at police. The Judy Garland rumor was started by a right-wing journalist and many at the event state that it trivializes the actual event and oppression faced by those involved the New York Times say the most accurate explanation should be the gay rights movement changed dramatically in 1969 outside of a gay bar called The Stonewall Inn The Stonewall Rebellion began when a group of people through various objects of police officers, the Rebellion culminated in several Rockette style kick lines of Street Queens facing down tactical police and
Topic ID: 7 Extracted Segment:  There's nothing wrong with covering it vice versa. If you're someone that not isn't them it's ok. You don't need to I think the problem is when we tell people what they have to do. And yeah, that's where things become a bit unfair and I'm not sure how much of it is just purely body positivity and about not body posture you but just any skin positivity, you know, we are brought up in an environment where beautiful skin and glowing skin is to be revered and that's tricky it's really hard and it's interesting because they think we're going off everything. I say some every episode but it's completely paid. Her eyes Degan. So you have the body positive the love the skin that you're in like be confident and don't worry about your acne, whatever and we've got the other side of it where I listened to her brilliant thing episode of something. I can't remember it was but it took my hell before the Kardashians all these famous people were getting stuff done. But no one knew that's right. So they were kind of so far away from it. Were you talking about this? Well, I've talked about it previously, but the interesting things about cosmetic German was it, you know, don't think it was me talk about that. But I certain talked about it separately at all. Yeah, and and just they see how like Because she just said I just looked really young. No one was really that interested. They're like, oh she's just an anomaly and she looks amazing and let her get on with it. But now the Kardashian kind of come out in the night. No, I got trough that as whether it's called and all of this stuff done. Yeah, and then everyone's like great great. Well, I'm gonna I'm gonna get that done too. Yeah, and I don't know what's better. Is it better that they're being honest or is it worse? I don't know it's funny. So I did a talk a couple of years ago at our Dermatology annual conference and it was about sort of rising Trends in cosmetic Dermatology.
Topic ID: 7 Extracted Segment:  It what I'm interested in something. I work my fucking ass off in comedy, but that's because I love it so much real estate. Throw me the real estate world. I'm drowning. I don't know. First of all, I was just out of college. I was so broke. I wore. Oh my God. I wore a really shitty clothes this job. I was the receptionist at first. I will really bad clothes like Forever 21 stained but like you washed it 27 times and it was had like those little fuzzies on everywhere all over the thing. You can't even get them off with like one of those gloves. Girls know what girls my agent will know what I'm talking about just really shitty clothes and these people were coming in with like fucking everything rag-and-bone Dolce & Gabbana fucking East Saint Laurent, like just they would be Rebecca Minkoff. Like all of these people that I had no idea my co is Rebecca your friend who's at who's Eve? That's a cool name. I didn't even know anything about nice clothes, but these people made hundreds of millions of dollars these people made millions of dollars and I was the receptionist. I'm a $28,000 in my clothes were from Forever 21. One and they were stained but it was a it was a it was a real estate company and they did a lot of luxury shit. So I'm talking 50 million dollar apartment. Okay. I went in a 50 million dollar apartment. Once I was in a 50 million dollar apartment in Chelsea Walker Tower 212 West 18th Street. The top hat the top floor went for 50 million dollars and guess who buys these they buy them sight unseen motherfuckers. Yeah. I'm not trying to convince you to kill yourself, but I'm just saying it's a miracle that we haven't because wow the
Topic ID: 8 Extracted Segment:  You were you're cutting down for this prep. I was like what Brian can get leaner than this? Like, I mean this guy cleaners, but I am honestly guys for those of you who aren't dancing going to put, you know, Brian's each other and show notes, but you know, it's an exciting year for you do absolutely but before then obviously you were taken a different kind of pivot in terms of business and you focus a little bit more on on different programs or helping, you know, both people get in shape or Or entrepreneurs kind of pivot in there's how is that going and how are things looking for 2019 in terms of what you're focusing on business-wise? Thanks, Chris. Yeah, there's a lot of things in the works man. And you know, there's been a lot of Shifting I think you know, and I'm sure you can attest this Chris, you know, your first two to five years of Entrepreneurship. I mean heck first zero to five years. So I mean, there's so much you learn about yourself about business so much pivoting that happens repositioning all fours giving new offers. So Chris is soon as as soon as this, you know, my profiles started to take off, you know, YouTube and Instagram
Topic ID: 8 Extracted Segment:  why you don't ask if you're on a good track, but you ask if you've missed out anything because you can't ask a client whether you're on track and then and only then when you when you nail the hypotheses, then you can very specifically asked for more data could do we maybe have an overview of production costs compared to our competitors? Do we maybe have a timeline of how sales results when the last month? Do we have this do we have that and if you don't get any data on a certain point then you can be Sure, that is no data. And this is not the solution to the case. They're very the interviews want to give you the data and they want to give it to you rapidly by you simply asking because you they want you to solve the case. They're not they're not going to they're not going to try to trick you but they are very readily have it available for you. So then you get this data.
Topic ID: 8 Extracted Segment:  Both of my daughter. So I wasn't going to I wasn't going to turn myself in at that moment. I was going to wait until their process was over. I was there to be able to see my daughter birth and I was gonna you know, go ahead of my business. But so I found about it. I found out about how selling and September 2018. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and then yeah I left and I left out in November. I want to do my time in November. Gotcha. And got your and then January is when you actually start taking action as you call. Yep, taking actions learning and implementing and take you nine months now to do your first deal. Well first it first before we get into the deal story Darrell, I want to ask you a question man going through all of that. What at the age of 29 what makes what makes you decided to change bro? But what's what's the one like, what's what is it that makes you decided to like change your life. Bye.
Topic ID: 8 Extracted Segment:  This bullshit knows some just like oh man. I don't know what I'm going to do. Well, what are we going to do today? How about that is your topic because something has sparked your interest and set your mind of fire because I believe yeah, so today we wanted to discuss the latest earnings call the da had for their investors. So this would be the Q3 physical 2019, which is the basically the most recent holiday quarter. Everyone who just fell asleep at that no, wait, hold on interesting. Don't leave just yet. No, so I guess the headline that comes out of this is is well, the main one that I think is most BioWare specific is the fact that EA CEO Andrew Wilson said specifically that
Topic ID: 8 Extracted Segment:  Yeah, interesting. I think next week the plan is to jump in on some of those predictions and say, you know to justify those. So that's something to look forward to next week. I just want to conclude and talk about the playoffs a little bit. We've we saw we see the Celtics and the Bucks are already moving on. It's looking like the Warriors in the Rockets will also move on is they're both up 3-1. I just want to talk about those two series real quick and get some predictions on the Warriors Rockets here. Is it that's what we see and also the Bucks Celtic series, which we're going to see and just get some quick predict predictions and why? Um, okay, so I kind of touched on this earlier, but I think the the Milwaukee Bucks are the best team in the East I have them coming out of the East I think the Boston Celtics showed glimpses of who they can be in this first year in series but as I said again the Pacers finished the season 8 and 14, they're missing their All-Star player in Victor Oladipo and a couple of those games against the Celtics especially game two. They had the opportunity to steal in Boston. I know they weren't able to close it but
Topic ID: 8 Extracted Segment:  Over here, you know that outside possibility of that Gap that daily gap-filling at 24 is now pretty much off the table. I think so sure. I think the I think the the downside possibility is yes, the Gap today can absolutely fill but more importantly, I think the miners have been telling us for for the last few weeks that the the bottom is in here for the mining sector and think what do you think is going to be a Listen, then the for the rest of the year, you know the rest of this month to keep on moving up. Do you think we're going to see more it's going to be more risk off because of the volatility in the overall markets. Is this kind of what the game plan is telling you the first two days of trading in December. Yeah, I think after Trump's trade bombshell today the markets going to shift towards the non-farm payrolls report on Friday. That's going to be the last NFP before the the the last fomc meeting of the year next Wednesday. Where the FED is expected to hold steady, but now with this trade talk, you know the this this trade rhetoric placing a lot more risk back into the marketplace, you know, if if the FED wax is dovish on the 11th and puts a rate cut back on the table again, you're going to see gold jump over 1500 before the end of the year. There's really
Topic ID: 8 Extracted Segment:  Business angels were let's say potential or this business and should because there's nothing worse than then not having enough money to survive the next month. And if you have a nice group of investors, there they help you. So this first term that you do is then probably 300,000 and 500,000 for the first investment a very important part. There is also devaluation and mocks croson boxer asked. Is there any other method than the discount the cash flow which is sort of projecting for the future. How do you actually value the startups that invest in because that's also important to calculate how many shares you get, right? Well often you calculate how many rounds are still needed to get to a certain stage and based on the valuation. You have how let's say what the potential X multiple or investment? Rate for you as an investor. And if you see that the valuation is too high and you need another two three rounds and and also you have to reflect on how how big are these rounds and then you see pretty soon whether this investment makes sense or not. There is another approach a third approach I know is that people just say we've been working for this this idea for the last two or three years and we didn't have another job or we that's
Topic ID: 8 Extracted Segment:  Employees in particular it's an incredible opportunity. I think for businesses to be able to offer candidates something greater than a salary but also, you know, it presents a situation where they can then compete against those larger companies who are offering the bigger salaries if you come in with the benefits of flexibility with you know with a good culture, you can very easily attract that High Caliber of talent were maybe 10 years ago. It was all down to salary and people just went with movie whatever was offering the higher rate. And so it's an exciting time. I think it's an exciting time for To be able to grow and for marketers as well to be able to join younger cooler companies. And what would your advice be to somebody who's considering a permanent position or a flexible contract? Well, I would definitely embrace it again depends on what steps they are in their career, you know for the reason that it gives you an opportunity to understand, you know, if this is the right direction you want to go to go in it also gives you an opportunity to experience a different sector, you know, and I think early on in your career that's really important because it's you know, getting that breadth of experience really will stand you in later on in life because you you know, you learn so much from the various different types of companies and sizes of companies.
Topic ID: 8 Extracted Segment:  you can play in that upside. It's like, you know, you can push for the 10 grand job or the 15 grand job because the next highest bid is 25. Yeah, and it's like you can get paid and then all that money is you know, 80% of is yours rather than 60 percent is going into the business 20% is going to pay everyone on the day and 20% goes into the pocket the owner of the pocket the pocket of the owner. So it's like it's it's an interesting world where it's changing so quickly and the people that are at the Forefront of it really really Capitalizing on it at the moment. So it's if you can get in front like yeah, there's a way that you can ride. What do you think like just on the back of that? We do you think video itself is going from a social media / corporate lie. Where did we do? You see video going? Do you think it's it's going to hold that same momentum or I don't know. I think it's going to hold the same momentum, but I think there's definitely people there's a there's a need to
Topic ID: 8 Extracted Segment:  Hammered out in a couple of days in a hotel suite in San Diego and you know, who knows where these talks will lie. Maybe they maybe they go nowhere. Maybe this is where they get in a room and the Dodgers say, hey, we're not going to give you what you want and the Indians say, okay. Well then we're going to keep our guys. Do you think anything has changed from the last time I asked you about a potential Corey kluber trade? Anything at all any sort of shift even just personally to your thought that it could potentially happen. I'm still wrestling with that in my mind where I think there are benefits to moving him. Yeah, but you and I agree the Indians typically don't want to be selling when the price is at its lowest then for now Corey kluber coming offering coming off of an injury plagued year not by his own, you know, it wasn't something arm related. It was something fluky but still even before that he wasn't his
